/wiki/Homer_the_Whopper
character: Prius Albertson
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Steve Ditko
character: P. D. Eastman
character: Everyman
character: Fallout Boy
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Matt Groening
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Adolf Hitler
character: Iron Man
character: Jonah
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Mr. Lacost
character: Leo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Tobey Maguire
character: Avery Mann
character: Lyle McCarthy
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Oscar
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Plastic Man
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Spider-Man
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky

/wiki/Bart_Gets_a_%22Z%22
character: Blue-Haired Lawyer
character: Barry Bonds
character: Wendell Borton
character: Santa Claus
character: Rodney Dangerfield
character: Disco Stu
character: Fitness trainer
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Itchy
character: Jack the Ripper
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Knights of King Arthur
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Dewey Largo
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Pat Sajak
character: Colonel Sanders
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Hilary Swank
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: The Guy Who Married Brooke Shields
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Zachary Vaughn
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Great_Wife_Hope
character: Akira
character: Joe Biden
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Chett Englebrick
character: Fat Tony
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Chuck Liddell
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Sarah Wiggum

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_XX
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Count Dracula
character: Dracula's wife
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Frankenstein
character: Frankenstein's wife
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Fresh Flowers owner
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Arsenio Hall
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Jaffee
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mummy
character: Mummy's wife
character: Muncher Zombies
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Dr. J. Loren Pryor
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Werewolf
character: Werewolf's wife
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Hubert Wong
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Devil_Wears_Nada
character: Carla Bruni
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Eddie
character: Female researcher
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julio
character: Kevin
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Les Rock Stars
character: Lou
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Betsy Ross
character: Nicolas Sarkozy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Ted
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Tiger Woods
character: Babe Didrikson Zaharias
character: Üter Zörker

/wiki/Pranks_and_Greens
character: Ling Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Andy Hamilton
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Leo
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Rafael
character: Gerald Samson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Rednecks_and_Broomsticks
character: Becky
character: Blinky
character: Judy Blume
character: Carl Carlson
character: Cassandra
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Court reporter
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lilith
character: Lou
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Gwendolyn Nightshadow
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Esmeralda
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Oh_Brother,_Where_Bart_Thou%3F
character: Wendell Borton
character: Charlie
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Lewis Clark
character: Database
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Barney Gumble
character: Huell Howser
character: Itchy
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Luigi
character: Otto Mann
character: Cooper Manning
character: Eli Manning
character: Peyton Manning
character: Mario
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Martin Prince
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Cecil Terwilliger
character: Robert Terwilliger
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Thursdays_with_Abie
character: Mitch Albom
character: Hank Azaria
character: Jasper Beardley
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Ned Flanders
character: Clark Gable
character: Marshall Goldman
character: Shemp Howard
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Coach Krupt
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Margaret Mitchell
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Slimu
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Once_Upon_a_Time_in_Springfield
character: Princess Ingrid Alexandra
character: Neil Armstrong
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Captain Haddock
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Eartha Kitt
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Queen Latifah
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Princess Penelope
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowy
character: Tintin
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Booberella
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Million_Dollar_Maybe
character: Adrian
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Ricardo Bomba
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Boy with shades
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Coldplay
character: Dave
character: Ned Flanders
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jaffee
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Long haired girl
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Lou
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Martin Prince
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Valerie Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Smug girl
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Mrs. Vanderbilt
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Boy_Meets_Curl
character: Tom Brokaw
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Canadian Nelson
character: Carl Carlson
character: Santa Claus
character: Bob Costas
character: Fatov
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Medicine woman
character: Milhoose
character: Harry Potter
character: Ruth Powers
character: Rafael
character: Ivan Reitman
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Team USA
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Wilhelmina of Prussia
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Zhang Yimou

/wiki/The_Color_Yellow
character: Bart-Beard the Pirate
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Clancy Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Colonel Burns
character: Funzo
character: Girl with glasses
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Abraham Lincoln
character: Martha
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abigail Simpson
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Eliza Simpson
character: Hiram Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Mabel Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Virgil Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Allison Taylor
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Milford Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Postcards_from_the_Wedge
character: Adrian
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Cosine
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Girl with glasses
character: Alice Glick
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Itchy
character: Ash Ketchum
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lewis Clark
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Jaffee
character: Long haired girl
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pikachu
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Report Card
character: Richard
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Yellow Weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Bill
character: Sam
character: Mel
character: Junior

/wiki/Stealing_First_Base
character: Adrian
character: Beast
character: Becky
character: Belle
character: Bodie
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with bangs
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Archie Bunker
character: Rhett Butler
character: Cathy
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Fredo Corleone
character: Michael Corleone
character: Cosine
character: Database
character: Sammy Davis, Jr.
character: EVE
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Ham
character: Heathcliff
character: Charlton Heston
character: Karen Holmes
character: Itchy
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Jaffee
character: Molly Jensen
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Long haired girl
character: Kevin
character: Kitty
character: Audrey McConnell
character: Brody McKenna
character: Madison McKenna
character: Nikki McKenna
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Scarlett O'Hara
character: Michelle Obama
character: Janey Powell
character: Tom Powers
character: Martin Prince
character: Richard
character: Ellen Ripley
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Smug girl
character: Spider-Man
character: Spock
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Ethel Thayer
character: Norman Thayer Jr.
character: Uhura
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: WALLâ¢E
character: Milton Warden
character: Mary Jane Watson
character: Black weasel
character: Yellow weasel
character: Sam Wheat
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/The_Greatest_Story_Ever_D%27ohed
character: Dorit
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jakob
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner

/wiki/American_History_X-cellent
character: Annie
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Burns' cellmate
character: Carl Carlson
character: Doug
character: Roger Ducette
character: Eddie
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: The Stabfour
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Chief Wiggum

/wiki/Chief_of_Hearts
character: Boy with bangs
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Tootsie Childs
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Judge Constance Harm
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Ramrod
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Samantha Stankey
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: Fat Tony
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Squirt_and_the_Whale
character: Bluella
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Gregory House
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lars
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Linda
character: Lou
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Janey Powell
character: Joe Quimby
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Wind Chimes owner
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/To_Surveil_With_Love
character: Attila the Hun
character: Nigel Bakerbutcher
character: Sharry Bobbins
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Prince Charles
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Ms. Dubinsky
character: Duffman
character: Duffman's daughter
character: Queen Elizabeth II
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gloria
character: Barney Gumble
character: The Hulk
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: Megan
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Janey Powell
character: Joe Quimby
character: Renee
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sally Circle
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Shauna
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Spider-Man
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Miss Springfield
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Samantha Stankey
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Mrs. Vanderbilt
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Moe_Letter_Blues
character: Apu's mother
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Brittany Brockman
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Leprechaun
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Jessica Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Anoop Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Gheet Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nabendu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Poonam Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pria Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sandeep Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sashi Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Uma Nahasapeemapetilon
character: The Parson
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Sam
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Dave Shutton
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Spuckler children
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Jeremy Turley
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/The_Bob_Next_Door
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Bonnie Flanders
character: Connie Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Ted Flanders
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Walt Warren
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Joyce
character: Albus Dumbledore
character: Severus Snape

/wiki/Judge_Me_Tender
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Chazz Busby
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Simon Cowell
character: Ellen DeGeneres
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Kara DioGuardi
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Gloria
character: Egor Glumov
character: Brad Goodman
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Randy Jackson
character: Jesus fish
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Kevin
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Jay Leno
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lifeways editor
character: Professor Lombardo
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Rupert Murdoch
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Puppy Goo-Goo
character: Renee
character: The Rich Texan
character: Nick Riviera
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Ryan Seacrest
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball V
character: Tab Spangler
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Astrid Weller
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: âJimmy

