/wiki/Beyond_Blunderdome
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Edward Christian
character: Ellen DeGeneres
character: Dino
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Fred Flintstone
character: Wilma Flintstone
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Mel Gibson
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Gus
character: Robyn Hannah
character: Anne Heche
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: William Milo
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nick Riviera
character: Robin
character: Irene Ryan
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Adam West
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Brother%27s_Little_Helper
character: Female researcher
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Hoohah
character: Hosey the Bear
character: John Leguizamo
character: Librarian
character: Mark McGwire
character: Noodles
character: Oopsie
character: See-saw
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Sir Widebottom

/wiki/Guess_Who%27s_Coming_to_Criticize_Dinner%3F
character: Akira
character: Daphne Beaumont
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: French chef
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Jamie Killday
character: Johnny Newspaperseed
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lifeways editor
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Mimi
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Garth Trelawny
character: Üter's father
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Ernest P. Worrell

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_X
character: Tom Arnold
character: Robot B-9
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Yasmine Bleeth
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Jimmy Carter
character: Dick Clark
character: Bill Clinton
character: The Collector
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Bob Denver
character: The Doctor
character: Stretch Dude
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Bill Gates
character: Mel Gibson
character: Clobber Girl
character: Alice Glick
character: Number 51
character: Matt Groening
character: Tonya Harding
character: Stephen Hawking
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Ron Howard
character: Saddam Hussein
character: Lewis Clark
character: Michael Jordan
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Michelle Kwan
character: Larry
character: Lucy Lawless
character: Xena
character: Spike Lee
character: Stan Lee
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Courtney Love
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Jack Marley
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Paul McCartney
character: Mark McGwire
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Leonard Nimoy
character: Rosie O'Donnell
character: Old Jewish man
character: Ross Perot
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Dan Quayle
character: Nick Riviera
character: Jeri Ryan
character: Laura Schlessinger
character: Al Sharpton
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Pauly Shore
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Disco Stu
character: Sugar Bear
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/E-I-E-I-(Annoyed_Grunt)
character: Curtis Armstrong
character: "Stone Cold" Steve Austin
character: John Byner
character: Emile
character: Robert Evans
character: Gina Gershon
character: Spalding Gray
character: Robert Guccione
character: Gus
character: Anthony Hopkins
character: Snake Jailbird
character: James Earl Jones
character: Jar Jar Binks
character: King Arthur
character: Man in the Iron Mask
character: Cheech Marin
character: Pelé
character: Petunia
character: Scarlet Pimpernel
character: Posh Spice
character: Puddles
character: Eric Roberts
character: Rita Rudner
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Southern colonel
character: Southern colonel's wife
character: Meryl Streep
character: The Three Musketeers
character: Shawn Wayans
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Zorro

/wiki/Hello_Gutter,_Hello_Fadder
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Capital City Goofball
character: Carl Carlson
character: Della
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Ron Howard
character: Itchy
character: Jacques
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Otto Mann
character: Morlock
character: Eddie Muntz
character: Stevie Nicks
character: Pat O'Brien
character: Nancy O'Dell
character: Pope
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Teller
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Waldo
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Eight_Misbehavin%27
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Ned Flanders
character: Gavin
character: Gavin's mother
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Larry Kidkill
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nahasapeemapetilon octuplets
character: Old Jewish man
character: Butch Patrick
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Richard
character: Shelbyville Nine
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Allen Wrench
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Take_My_Wife,_Sleaze
character: Wendell Borton
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Dennis the Menace
character: Faceless man
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Girl with glasses
character: Guinness Book of World Records host
character: Hell's Satans (Bakersfield)
character: Hell's Satans (Springfield)
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Wolfguy Jack
character: Jimmy
character: Jimmy's father
character: Jimmy's mother
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Meathook
character: Melissa
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Jay North
character: NRBQ
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Ramrod
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Grift_of_the_Magi
character: Beck
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Señora Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Dixie Chicks
character: Gary Coleman
character: Patrick Ewing
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: French chef
character: Funzo
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jim Hope
character: Howard
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Téa Leoni
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Janey Powell
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Sherri and Terri's mother
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black weasel
character: Yellow weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Little_Big_Mom
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Otto Mann
character: Lucy McGillicuddy Ricardo Carmichael
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Poochie
character: Ranger
character: Mr. Sakamoto
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Virtual doctor

/wiki/Faith_Off
character: Adrian
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Benjamin
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Lewis Clark
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Doug
character: Brother Faith
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gary
character: Girl with glasses
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Anton Lubchenko
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mr. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Dean Peterson
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: The Rich Texan
character: Fat Tony
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Yellow Weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/The_Mansion_Family
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Cornelius Chapman
character: Nancy Drew
character: Female researcher
character: Furious George
character: Huey Long
character: Mayo Clinic doctor
character: Pope
character: Seat filler
character: Secretariat
character: Tupac Shakur
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Britney Spears
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mike Tyson
character: Al Unser, Jr.
character: Sideshow Mel

/wiki/Saddlesore_Galactica
character: BachmanâTurner Overdrive
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Bill Clinton
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Dolly
character: Duncan
character: Todd Flanders
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Pearl butler
character: Janey Powell
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Tree jockey
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Alone_Again,_Natura-Diddily
character: Clay Babcock
character: Mrs. Babcock
character: Bear
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Diane
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Ginger Flanders
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Frank Grimes
character: Hans
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Sherlock Holmes
character: Rachel Jordan
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Dr. Marvin Monroe
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sandeep Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Tupac Shakur
character: Bea Simmons
character: Amber Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: John Wayne
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Missionary:_Impossible
character: Ak
character: Amy
character: Bender Rodríguez
character: Big Bird
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Craig
character: Elmo
character: Ned Flanders
character: Gavin's mother
character: Gillian
character: Hank Hill
character: Jack Larson
character: Lisa, Jr.
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Mimi
character: Fox Mulder
character: Rupert Murdoch
character: Neil
character: Oscar the Grouch
character: Evelyn Peters
character: Martha Quimby
character: Qtoktok
character: Roberta
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Trent Steele
character: Thurgood Orenthal Stubbs
character: Susan
character: Teletubbies
character: Betty White

/wiki/Pygmoelian
character: Actor
character: Cleo
character: Clive Dance
character: Duffman
character: Michael Finn
character: Ulysses S. Grant
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Larry
character: Roxy Monoxide
character: Helen Morehouse
character: Babe Ruth
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Titania
character: Jeremy Turley
character: Tad Winslow

/wiki/Bart_to_the_Future
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Billy Carter
character: Casino manager
character: Bill Clinton
character: Arthur Crandall
character: Crazy Talk
character: Dances with Focus Groups
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Gabbo
character: Helen
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Sandeep Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson, Jr.
character: Marge Simpson
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Trucker
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Days_of_Wine_and_D%27oh%27ses
character: Bear
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Arnie Pye
character: Rafael
character: Roscoe
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: She-Hulk
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Mr. Sparkle
character: Leon Spinks
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Springfield Flight School employee
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: The Teletubbies
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Kill_the_Alligator_and_Run
character: Backstreet Boys
character: Charlie Bluhdorn
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Joe C.
character: Vincent Canby
character: Admiral Carstairs
character: Nick Carter
character: Cienega
character: Chilton Danes
character: Dowager
character: Jane Elizabeth
character: Robert Evans
character: Female trucker
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: One of the Hell's Satans
character: Captain Jack
character: Roberta
character: Kid Rock
character: Charlie Rose
character: Sepulveda
character: Sheriff
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Susan
character: Trucker 1
character: Trucker 2
character: Velma

/wiki/Last_Tap_Dance_in_Springfield
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Cyborganizer
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Doris Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Val Kilmer
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lisabella
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Yoko Ono
character: Plastic Ono Band
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Martha Quimby
character: RV salesman
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: The Rich Texan
character: Vicki Valentine
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum

/wiki/It%27s_a_Mad,_Mad,_Mad,_Mad_Marge
character: Adrian
character: Raggedy Ann
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Lucille Botzcowski
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Boy with shades
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Lewis Clark
character: Cyanide
character: Rick Dees
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Dr. Foster
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Jaffee
character: Karyn
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Martin Prince
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Springfield Mental Asylum Marching Band
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Dr. Zweig

/wiki/Behind_the_Laughter
character: Buzz Aldrin
character: Gloria Allred
character: Susan B. Anthony
character: Susan B. Anthony Man
character: Milton Berle
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Lucille Botzcowski
character: Carl Carlson
character: Jimmy Carter
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Santa Claus
character: Gary Coleman
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Devil
character: Queen Elizabeth II
character: Ned Flanders
character: Sammy Hagar
character: Stephen Hawking
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Huckleberry Hound
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Joan Jett
character: Kang
character: Tom Kite
character: Kodos
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Rupert Murdoch
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Willie Nelson
character: Ozzy Osbourne
character: Butch Patrick
character: Pope
character: Richie Rich
character: Branscombe Richmond
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Meryl Streep
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tom
character: Van Halen
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

