/wiki/Bart_of_Darkness
character: Amish man
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Chuck
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: "Hello, Mrs. Cumberdale" boy
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Jimbo Jones
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lewis Clark
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: George Meany
character: Melissa
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Pool Sharks salesman
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Scratchy
character: Ravi Shankar
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Lisa%27s_Rival
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Christopher Columbus
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Art Garfunkel
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Dewey Largo
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Jim Messina
character: Mittens
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: John Oates
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Üter Zörker
character: Sarah

/wiki/Another_Simpsons_Clip_Show
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Wendell Borton
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Ned Flanders
character: Maude Flanders
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Jacques
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Janey Powell
character: Laura Powers
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Sam
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Mindy Simmons
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black weasel
character: Yellow weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Artie Ziff

/wiki/Itchy_%26_Scratchy_Land
character: Bort
character: Bort
character: Disgruntled Goat
character: Professor Frink
character: Itchy
character: Itchy & Scratchy robots
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Ku Klux Clam
character: Maw
character: Roger Meyers Jr.
character: Roger Meyers Sr.
character: Hans Moleman
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: John Travolta
character: Uncle Ant

/wiki/Sideshow_Bob_Roberts
character: Birch Barlow
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Count Dracula
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Lewis Clark
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Jughead Jones
character: Kindergarten teacher
character: Larry King
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Menthol Moose
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Edgar Neubauer
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: The Rich Texan
character: Richard
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Mr. Slate
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Roy Snyder
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_V
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Becky
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Dewey Largo
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Homer Simpson
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Ned Flanders
character: Otto Mann
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Üter Zörker
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Wendell Borton

/wiki/Bart%27s_Girlfriend
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Carl Carlson
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Alice Glick
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lewis Clark
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Jessica Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mr. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Sunday school hamster
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Lisa_on_Ice
character: Adrian
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Carl Carlson
character: Channel 6 News weatherman
character: Eddie
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Girl with glasses
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Mister Honeybunny
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jaffee
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Melissa
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Mayor Quimby's body guards
character: Ronald Reagan
character: Richard
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Springfield Elementary School sports coach
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Volleyball coach
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Mothra

/wiki/Homer_Badman
character: Ben
character: Kent Brockman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Ashley Grant
character: Godfrey Jones
character: Penny-farthing bicycle man
character: Joe Quimby
character: Sebastian
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Grampa_vs._Sexual_Inadequacy
character: Wendell Borton
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Al Gore
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lewis Clark
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Troy McClure
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Fear_of_Flying
character: Robot B-9
character: Clancy Bouvier
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Carl Carlson
character: Cliff Clavin
character: Barney Gumble
character: Alvarine Gurney
character: Guy Incognito
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Sam Malone
character: The Monkees
character: Michael Nesmith
character: Norm Peterson
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Dr. Smith
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Carla Tortelli
character: Dr. Zweig

/wiki/Homer_the_Great
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Billy
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: George H. W. Bush
character: Carl Carlson
character: Scott Christian
character: Egg Council Guy
character: Homer Glumplich
character: Number 51
character: Barney Gumble
character: Steve Guttenberg
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Joey
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Leopold
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Jack Nicholson
character: Number One
character: Plumber
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Orville Redenbacher
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. T
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/And_Maggie_Makes_Three
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Maude Flanders
character: Al Gumble
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jacques
character: Joey
character: Knightboat
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Michael
character: Ruth Powers
character: Snowball I
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.

/wiki/Bart%27s_Comet
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Report Card
character: Carl Carlson
character: Cosine
character: Database
character: District attorney
character: E-mail
character: Craig Feeney
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Ham
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Elizabeth Jacobs
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jacques
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: J. Loren Pyror
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tanya
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Waldo
character: Ping Warner
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Homie_the_Clown
character: Angelique
character: Benedict Arnold
character: Bill
character: Tom Bosley
character: Carl Carlson
character: Dick Cavett
character: Chachi
character: Charlie
character: Don Vittorio DiMaggio
character: Estonian dwarf
character: Ned Flanders
character: Kenny G
character: Barney Gumble
character: Harlem Globetrotters
character: The Krusty Burglar
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Steve Martin
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Rafael
character: Rich Texan
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Johnny Unitas
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Washington Generals
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Bart_vs._Australia
character: Andy
character: Australian barfly
character: Australian bartender
character: Australian man
character: Australian parliament member (1)
character: Australian parliament member (2)
character: Australian security guard (1)
character: Australian security guard (2)
character: Bart Junior
character: Crocodile Dundee
character: Fidel Castro
character: Evan Conover
character: Bruno Drundridge
character: Tobias Drundridge
character: First Prime Minister of Australia
character: Gus
character: Helicopter pilot
character: Adolf Hitler
character: The Jerry Springer Show audience member
character: Nazi man
character: Presidente
character: Presidente's translator
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: South O' the Equator Gift Shoppe owner
character: South Pole Research Station employee (1)
character: South Pole Research Station employee (2)
character: Squeaky-voiced Australian teen
character: US marine
character: Vishnu
character: Avril Ward

/wiki/Homer_vs._Patty_and_Selma
character: Adrian
character: Ballet teacher
character: Mikhail Baryshnikov
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Mel Brooks
character: Carl Carlson
character: DMV manageress
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Adolf Hitler
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Richard
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black Weasel
character: Yellow Weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/A_Star_Is_Burns
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Judah Ben-Hur
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Bronson
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Elliot
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Charlton Heston
character: Troy McClure
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Anthony Hopkins
character: Itchy
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Leonard Maltin
character: McBain
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mervin Monroe
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old father
character: Joe Quimby
character: The Rappin' Rabbis
character: Rex Reed
character: George C. Scott
character: Oskar Schindler
character: Scratchy
character: William Shatner
character: Jay Sherman
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Steven Spielberg
character: Señor Spielbergo
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Jeff Westbrook
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Lisa%27s_Wedding
character: Baldwin brothers
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Cowardly Lion
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Mrs. Dracula
character: Uncle Eldred
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Fritz
character: Barney Gumble
character: Grandson of Sam
character: Buddy Hackett
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Martha Hitler
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Infamous Amos
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Troy McClure
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz, Jr.
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Hugh Parkfield
character: Mrs. Parkfield
character: Mr. Parkfield
character: Dr. Brad Pitt
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Sam
character: Scarecrow
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tin Man
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Two_Dozen_and_One_Greyhounds
character: Always Comes in Second
character: Bob Barker
character: Benji
character: David Brenner
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Rory Calhoun
character: Ned Flanders
character: Greyhound puppies
character: I'm Number Three
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Lassie
character: Little Monty
character: Mrs. Potts
character: The Rich Texan
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: She's The Fastest
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snoop Doggy Doggâ
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum

/wiki/The_PTA_Disbands
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Black teacher
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Civil War reenactor
character: Database
character: Ned Flanders
character: First Bank of Springfield employee
character: Fort Springfield tour guide
character: Fort Springfield tour guide
character: Fred
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jaffee
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Gabe Kaplan
character: Kindergarten student
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Dewey Largo
character: Leopold
character: Otto Mann
character: Milhouse's tutor
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Ms. Phipps
character: Brunella Pommelhorst
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: PTA member
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Supporting guy
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Ticket lady
character: Principal Valiant
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/%27Round_Springfield
character: Steve Allen
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Robert Chaporo
character: Scott Christian
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Bill Cosby
character: Database
character: Albert Dershman
character: Eddie
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Howard
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Lewis Clark
character: James Earl Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Lumpy
character: Melissa
character: Mufasa
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Ms. No Means No
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Darth Vader
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Blind Willie Witherspoon

/wiki/The_Springfield_Connection
character: Benevenstanciano
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Eddie
character: Earhart
character: Fitz
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Garcia
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jerhico
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Keneally
character: Calvin Klein
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: McGriff the Crime Dog
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Van Zuylen
character: Gloria Vanderbilt
character: Ward
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Lemon_of_Troy
character: Database
character: Ned Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Joe
character: Shelbyville Manhattan
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Shelby
character: Shelby's father
character: Shelbyville Elementary groundskeeper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Speed-E-Mart owner
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Supporting guy
character: Milhouse
character: Milhouse Van Houten

/wiki/Who_Shot_Mr._Burns%3F_(Part_One)
character: Bob Arnold
character: Jasper Beardley
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Faith Crowley
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Harlan Dondelinger
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Guillermo
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Karl
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis Clark
character: Leopold
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Mrs. Norton
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Brunella Pommelhorst
character: Tito Puente
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Superdude
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Veterinarian
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Willie's father
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

