/wiki/Clown_in_the_Dumps
character: Adele
character: Adrian
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Irving Berlin
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Eddie Cantor
character: Carl Carlson
character: Salvador Dalí
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Carrot Top
character: Chuck
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Lewis Clark
character: Clown counselor
character: Arthur Crandall
character: Rodney Dangerfield
character: Dom DeLuise
character: Doug
character: Albert Einstein
character: EMT
character: Gabbo
character: Barney Gumble
character: Helga
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: David Hyde Pierce
character: Itchy
character: Jesus Christ
character: Hyman Krustofsky
character: Rachel Krustofsky
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Liberace
character: Martin Luther King
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Joe Lieberman
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Old Jewish man
character: Chico Marx
character: Groucho Marx
character: Harpo Marx
character: Karl Marx
character: Golda Meir
character: Moses
character: Kumiko Nakamura
character: Playwright
character: Martin Prince
character: Arnie Pye
character: Rafael
character: Reporter
character: Richard
character: Joan Rivers
character: Jeff Ross
character: Rabbi Rudenstein
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Sarah Silverman
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Clive Meriwether
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. T
character: Cosine Tangent
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/The_Wreck_of_the_Relationship
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Captain Bowditch
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Scott Christian
character: Lewis Clark
character: Mr. Clark
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Lakwando Demarius
character: Lakwando Demarius's wife
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Duffman
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Planet Jackson
character: Jimbo Jones
character: DJ Keg Head
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Gheet Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Laura Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Randy Quaid
character: Joe Quimby
character: Franken Samurai
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Gitmo Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Trans-Clown-O-Morph
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Super_Franchise_Me
character: Jasper Beardly
character: The Beatles
character: Becky
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Shauna Chalmers
character: Lewis Clark
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Devil
character: Duffman
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Alexander Hamilton
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Andrew Jackson
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jesus Christ
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Judas
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Abraham Lincoln
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Florence Nightingale
character: Pizza Hut manager
character: Martin Prince
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Tom Selleck
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Smug girl
character: Addem-up Spuckler
character: Birthday Spuckler
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dubya Spuckler
character: Dylan Spuckler
character: Fontanelle Spuckler
character: Gummy Sue Spuckler
character: Incest Spuckler
character: International Harvester Spuckler
character: Jitney Spuckler
character: Minimum Wade Spuckler
character: Oxycontin Spuckler
character: Pediculus Spuckler
character: Whitney Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: George Washington
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Trudy Zangler
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_XXV
character: Adrian
character: Alien
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Warren Beatty
character: Black hole aliens
character: Shary Bobbins
character: Boy with bangs
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Anthony Burgess
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: William Burroughs
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Ray Bradbury
character: Kent Brockman
character: Al Bundy
character: Peggy Bundy
character: Carl Carlson
character: Carlton
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Carol Channing
character: Lewis Clark
character: George Clooney
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Leonardo DiCaprio
character: Dum
character: Dum's wife
character: Clint Eastwood
character: F. Scott Fitzgerald
character: Flanders the Devil
character: Ned Flanders
character: James Franco
character: Morgan Freeman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Grand Pumpkin
character: Hellroads faculty
character: Hellroads student
character: Hellroads student
character: Hellroads student
character: Hellroads student
character: Hellroads teacher
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Hot Stuff
character: John Irving
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Jeffistopheles
character: Jesus Christ
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Stanley Kubrick
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Jennifer Lawrence
character: Leonard Lawrence
character: Leonard
character: Leprechaun
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Helen Mirren
character: Hans Moleman
character: Marvin Monroe
character: Moog
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: New gang
character: Bill O'Reilly
character: Sean Penn
character: Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Gerald Samson
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: The Seven Duffs
character: Shmoo
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Beelzebart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Old Simpson family
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Bruce Springsteen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Surly Duff
character: Taylor Swift
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: John Travolta
character: Luther Vandross
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Noah Webster
character: Kanye West
character: West End Wiseguys
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Opposites_A-Frack
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Charcoal Briquette
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Citizen Solar
character: Bill Clinton
character: Hillary Clinton
character: Old King Coal
character: The Collider
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Della
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Doug
character: Eddie
character: Fallout Boy
character: Ned Flanders
character: The Fossil Fuel Four
character: The Fracker
character: Benjamin Franklin
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Henry
character: Henry's wife
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert's daughter
character: Julius Hibbert's son
character: Julius Hibbert's son
character: Hippie
character: Sherlock Holmes
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimmy the Scumbag
character: Coach Krupt
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Maxine Lombard
character: Maxine Lombard's assistant
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mona Lisa
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Kumiko Nakamura
character: Barack Obama
character: Old Jewish man
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Radioactive Man
character: Rafael
character: The Rich Texan
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Antonin Scalia
character: Robert Siegel
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball V
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Nellie Taft
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Very tall man
character: George Washington
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Wind Lad

/wiki/Simpsorama
character: Adrian
character: Isaac Asimov
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Bender's Bounty
character: Bender Rodríguez
character: Bongo
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Lewis Clark
character: Hermes Conrad
character: Professor Farnsworth
character: Father and son
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Philip J. Fry
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Hedonismbot
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Hypnotoad
character: Jacques
character: Thomas Jefferson
character: Jesus Christ
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Coach Krupt
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Leela
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Abraham Lincoln
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Lrrr
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Mrs. Mackleberry
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Marcus Le Marquez
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Morbo
character: Eddie Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ndnd
character: Nibbler
character: New New York creatures
character: Defonzo Palmer
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: The Rich Texan
character: Richard
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scruffy
character: Seymour Asses
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball V
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Linda van Schoonhoven
character: George Washington
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Amy Wong
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky
character: Zoidberg
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Blazed_and_Confused
character: Blazing Guy actor
character: Blazing Guy attendee
character: Blazing Guy attendee
character: Blazing Guy attendee
character: Blazing Guy attendee
character: Blazing Guy attendee
character: Blazing Guy attendee
character: Blazing Guy member
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Wendell Borton
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Ms. Cantwell
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: City worker
character: Lewis Clark
character: Database
character: El Barto
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Gwendolyn Hertzfeld-Mastroantonio
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jamaican musician
character: Bobby Kennedy
character: John F. Kennedy
character: Coach Krupt
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Jack Lassen
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Abraham Lincoln
character: Long haired girl
character: Audrey McConnell
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Myra
character: Richard Nixon
character: Owl Haven ranger
character: Martin Prince
character: Brunella Pommelhorst
character: Radioactive Man
character: Richard
character: Eleanor Roosevelt
character: Principal Sackett
character: Scratchy
character: Calypso Self-Knowledge
character: David Silverman
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Nina Skalka
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Smitty
character: Smug girl
character: Spirit guide
character: Springfield Nuclear Power Plant employee
character: Springfield School District teacher
character: Sticky-Fingers Stella
character: Evelyn Trunch
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Jason Voorhees
character: Principal Weinberg
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: George Washington

/wiki/Covercraft
character: Akira
character: Michael Anthony
character: John Bonham
character: The Be Sharps
character: Kent Brockman
character: Boy with bangs
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Phil Collins
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Covercraft
character: Arthur Crandall
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Gabbo
character: Peter Gabriel
character: Genesis
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Guitar Central employee
character: Barney Gumble
character: Sammy Hagar
character: Jimi Hendrix
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Larry
character: Led Zeppelin
character: John Lennon
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Audrey McConnell
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Hans Moleman
character: Jim Morrison
character: Munchie
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Anoop Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Gheet Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nabendu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Poonam Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pria Nahasapeemapetilan
character: Sandeep Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sashi Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Uma Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Kumiko Nakamura
character: Old father
character: Yoko Ono
character: Jimmy Page
character: Les Paul
character: Robert Plant
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Report Card
character: Sadgasm
character: Sam
character: Scratchy
character: Seth
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Springfield University student
character: Sungazer
character: Stig
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: King Toot
character: Tropical island waiter
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Joe Walsh
character: The Who
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz, Jr.

/wiki/I_Won%27t_Be_Home_For_Christmas
character: The Be Sharps
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Burly
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: C-3PO parody
character: Carl Carlson
character: Jesus Christ
character: Santa Claus
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Database
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: God
character: The Grumple
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Henry X. Harper
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert's daughter
character: Julius Hibbert's son
character: Julius Hibbert's son
character: Jonah Hill
character: Hobo
character: The Hulk
character: Itchy
character: Kang Johnson
character: Kodos Johnson
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Kumiko Nakamura
character: Neon sign store manager
character: Isaac Newton
character: Old Jewish man
character: Plopper
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: R3
character: Rafael
character: Seth Rogen
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Vin Scully
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball V
character: Springfield Retirement Castle receptionist
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Moe Szyslak's mother
character: The Thing
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Wind Lad

/wiki/The_Man_Who_Came_To_Be_Dinner
character: Akira
character: Alien
character: Bagpipe Rigellian
character: Black hole aliens
character: Bongo
character: Jim-Jam Bonks
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Tom Bosley
character: Boy with bangs
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Country Storm Trooper Jamboree
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Michael D'Amico
character: Dizzneeland father
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Klaunax
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Milkman of the Future
character: Kang Johnson
character: Kodos Johnson
character: Rafael
character: Rigel 7 Children's Choir
character: Rigellian announcer
character: Rigellian humanologist
character: Rigellian Lisa
character: Rigellian mother
character: Rigellian queen
character: Rigellian resistance
character: Roofi
character: Silver Surfer
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Space broccoli
character: Fat Tony
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Yoda
character: Larry H. Zeeblezorp

/wiki/Bart%27s_New_Friend
character: The 400-Year-Old Virgin
character: Booberella
character: Don Bookner
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Lewis Clark
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Drillbit Taylor
character: Buddy Ebsen
character: Eddie
character: El Barto
character: El Homo
character: Smilin' Joe Fission
character: The Fat Lady
character: Fred Flintstone
character: Frankie the Squealer
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Sven Golly
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Itchy & Scratchy Land employee
character: Angelina Jolie
character: Jimbo Jones
character: KISS
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Loki
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: The Police
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Radiated Springfield Nuclear Power Plant employee
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Sting
character: Andy Summers
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: World's Longest Fingernails
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Musk_Who_Fell_To_Earth
character: Benjamin
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Chuck
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Doug
character: Ned Flanders
character: Henry Ford
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gary
character: God
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Imaginer
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Mailman
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Elon Musk
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Janey Powell
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Radioactive Man
character: Rafael
character: Ruth Powers
character: Richard
character: Scratchy
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball V
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squawky
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: George Washington
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Willy Wonka

/wiki/Walking_Big_%26_Tall
character: Eleanor Abernathy
character: Adrian
character: Albert
character: Fat Albert
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blinky
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Clancy Bouvier
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Brittany Brockman
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Bubbles
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Chase
character: Chuck
character: Lewis Clark
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Dia-Betty
character: Dowager
character: Howard K. Duff VIII
character: Eddie
character: El Barto
character: Mona Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Nedward Flanders, Sr.
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Dora Freedman
character: Gautama Buddha
character: Alice Glick
character: Augustus Gloop
character: God
character: Mrs. Gumble
character: Arnie Gumble
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert's daughter
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Michael Jackson
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Julio
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Leon Kompowsky
character: Hyman Krustofsky
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Audrey McConnell
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Harvey Milk
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Kumiko Nakamura
character: Yutaka Nakamura
character: Old Jewish man
character: Overweight lady
character: Evelyn Peters
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Mayor Quimby's body guards
character: Francine Rhenquist
character: The Rich Texan
character: Richard
character: Luigi Risotto
character: J. D. Salinger
character: Gerald Samson
character: Charles M. Schulz
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Waylon Smithers, Sr.
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dubya Spuckler
character: Jitney Spuckler
character: Minimum Wade Spuckler
character: Whitney Spuckler
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Jeremy Turley
character: Grandma Van Houten
character: Grandpa Van Houten
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Andy Wachowski
character: Lana Wachowski
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Pharrell Williams
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Professor X
character: Yeti
character: Mr. Zörker
character: Mr. Zzyzwicz
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz, Jr.

/wiki/My_Fare_Lady
character: Book club member
character: Book club member
character: Book club member
character: Wendell Borton
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Shauna Chalmers
character: Cheery Red Tomatoes
character: Dewey
character: Duffman
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Laney Fontaine
character: God
character: Grizzly Shaun
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Grady
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jim Ignatowski
character: Indian taxi driver
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Julio
character: Karl
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Lady Duff
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Jessica Lovejoy
character: Brian May
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Freddie Mercury
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Elon Musk
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: NRC head inspector
character: Old Jewish man
character: Janey Powell
character: Queen
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Bender Rodríguez
character: Gerald Samson
character: Mrs. Samson
character: Jimmy Stewart
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Slava
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Miss Springfield
character: Springfield Mall security guard
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Disco Stu
character: Patrick Swayze
character: Swimming pool lifeguard
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tammy
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Brazilian taxi driver
character: Jeremy Turley
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Hubert Wong
character: Young man
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Princess_Guide
character: Chinua Achebe
character: Chimamanda Ngozi Adichie
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Richard Branson
character: Carl Carlson
character: Scott Christian
character: Mr. Costington
character: El Barto
character: Queen Elizabeth II
character: Gillian
character: Gloria
character: God
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Dave Grohl
character: Perez Hilton
character: The Hounds
character: Enrico Irritazio
character: Julio
character: Princess Kemi
character: Kevin
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Elon Musk
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ben Okri
character: Pharm team male researcher
character: Janey Powell
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Nigerian king
character: Joe Quimby
character: Patricia
character: Evelyn Peters
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Springfield Mall security guard
character: Springfield Nuclear Power Plant employee
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Waiter
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Sky_Police
character: Chuck Bennett
character: Doug Blattner
character: Señora Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Casino security
character: Contractor
character: Eddie
character: El Barto
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Benjamin Franklin
character: Girl with glasses
character: God
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Sammy Hagar
character: Hanuman
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jerry
character: Jesus Christ
character: Bill Kelley
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pac-Man
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Uncle Stevie
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggins
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Jennifer Yang

/wiki/Waiting_for_Duffman
character: Frito Bandito
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Brittany Brockman
character: Kent Brockman
character: Boy with bangs
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Joe Camel
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Chase
character: Cat Deeley
character: The Seven Duffs
character: Howard K. Duff VIII
character: Duffman
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Fruit Bat Man
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Leslie Hapablap
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Missy LeBeau
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Joe Quimby
character: Condoleezza Rice
character: Sam
character: Dr. Schulman
character: Homer Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Rajneesh Superstar
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Der Zip Zorp

/wiki/Peeping_Mom
character: Baz
character: Kent Brockman
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Mr. Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Carl Carlson
character: Lewis Clark
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: James Cummings
character: Fireman
character: Ned Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: J. Earl McLeod
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nahasapeemapetilon octuplets
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Mayor Quimby's body guards
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Nina Skalka
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Smug girl
character: Snowball V
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: The Rich Texan
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Kids_Are_All_Fight
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Carl Carlson
character: Jesus Christ
character: Grandma Flanders
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Phonic Frog
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Rafael
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Let%27s_Go_Fly_a_Coot
character: Army colonel
character: Wendell Borton
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Lewis Clark
character: Mr. Clark
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Mr. Johnson
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert's son
character: Abu Nadal Abdul Nabal Nabu Dubal Nabadul Kashik
character: Jack Kerouac
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Jessica Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Richard
character: Mach Ridley
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Allison Taylor
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Astrid Weller
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky

/wiki/Bull-E
character: 5th grade girl
character: Adrian
character: Baz
character: Boy with bangs
character: Boy with shades
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Cassidy
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Lewis Clark
character: Mr. Costington
character: Doug
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Valerie Frizzle
character: Barney Gumble
character: Constance Harm
character: Hester
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Increase
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Old Jewish man
character: Otto Mann
character: Johnny Mathis
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Joe Quimby
character: Puberty Demon
character: Richard
character: Sleazy Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Agnes Skinner
character: B. F. Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Roy Snyder
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Fat Tony
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Dr. Raufbold
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Mathlete%27s_Feat
character: Becky
character: Benjamin
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Walt Warren
character: Michael Bay
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Stradivarius Cain
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Chuck
character: Winston Churchill
character: Lewis Clark
character: Mr. Clark
character: Mrs. Clark
character: Database
character: Doug
character: Megan Fox
character: Gary
character: Girl with a headband
character: Charles Grodin
character: Stephen Hawking
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Joyce
character: Karyn
character: Robert E. Lee
character: Long haired girl
character: Mr. Mackleberry
character: Mrs. Mackleberry
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Richard
character: The Rock
character: Russian general
character: William Shakespeare
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Wayne Slater
character: Slava
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cosine Tangent
character: Allison Taylor
character: Waldo
character: Walt Warren
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Black weasel
character: Yellow weasel
character: Astrid Weller
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Hubert Wong

