/wiki/He_Loves_to_Fly_and_He_D%27ohs
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Russ Cargill
character: Carl Carlson
character: Dan Castellaneta
character: Colin
character: Duffman
character: E.T.
character: Ned Flanders
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Itchy
character: Lewis Clark
character: Colby Krause
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Lionel Richie
character: The Rich Texan
character: Richard
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Medicine woman
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Svetlana
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten

/wiki/The_Homer_of_Seville
character: Andrea Bocelli
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Plácido Domingo
character: Donny
character: Dorothy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julia
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Marcello
character: Mimì
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Mrs. Vanderbilt
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Midnight_Towboy
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Angelica
character: Wendell Borton
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Flatbed Fred
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jaffee
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Louie
character: Louie's aunt
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. T
character: The Rich Texan
character: Train engineer
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/I_Don%27t_Wanna_Know_Why_the_Caged_Bird_Sings
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Dwight Diddlehopper
character: Dilbert
character: Eddie
character: Gloria
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Hans Moleman
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Old Jewish man
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_XVIII
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Ned Flanders
character: Devil
character: Rachel Goodman
character: Jim Halterman
character: bobblehead
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Gregory House
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Plopper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Little_Orphan_Millie
character: Adrian
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Ned Flanders
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jaffee
character: Mr. Johnson
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Long haired girl
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Billy Ocean
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Snowball V
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Gaylord Q. Tinkledink
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Norbert Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Husbands_and_Knives
character: Chicago Bears
character: Daniel Clowes
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Zach D.
character: Duffman
character: Zach G.
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Tom Jones
character: Kearney's mother
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Milo
character: Alan Moore
character: Opal
character: Joe Quimby
character: Robin
character: Sasha
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Art Spiegelman
character: Miss Springfield
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Straightman
character: Strawberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Dr. Velimirovic
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Wolverine
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Funeral_for_a_Fiend
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Big Bird
character: Kent Brockman
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Clippy
character: Eddie
character: Fat Tony
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Itchy
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Keith Olbermann
character: Opal
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Scratchy
character: Scratchy, Jr.
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Straightman
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Cecil Terwilliger
character: Francesca Terwilliger
character: Gino Terwilliger
character: Robert Terwilliger
character: Robert Terwilliger, Sr.
character: Judith Underdunk
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Eternal_Moonshine_of_the_Simpson_Mind
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Disco Stu
character: Dorothy
character: Duffman
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Julio
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Don Rickles
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scrat
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/E_Pluribus_Wiggum
character: Nosaf al-Mustafi
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Andrea Crowley
character: Count Dracula
character: Elmo
character: Demont Evans
character: Ned Flanders
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julio
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dennis Kucinich
character: Ron Lahar
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Cheesy McMayor
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Joe Quimby
character: The Rich Texan
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Jon Stewart
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fred Thompson
character: Adriatica Vel Johnson
character: Senator Whinergirl
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/That_%2790s_Show
character: Steffan August
character: Elaine Benes
character: Carl Carlson
character: Kurt Cobain
character: Marvin Cobain
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Tony Danza
character: Walt Disney
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Kurt Loder
character: Lou
character: Newman
character: Amy Rose
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Sonic the Hedgehog
character: "Weird Al" Yankovic

/wiki/Love,_Springfieldian_Style
character: Clyde Barrow
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Carl Carlson
character: Paul Cook
character: Ned Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Bonnie Parker
character: Captain Sensible
character: Shady
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Chief Wiggum
character: Lady Bitington
character: Chompy
character: Robby Robin
character: Vamp

/wiki/The_Debarted
character: Adrian
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Donny
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Terry Gross
character: Howard
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Jaffee
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Long haired girl
character: Melissa
character: Hans Moleman
character: Loch Ness Monster
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Smug girl
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Dial_%22N%22_for_Nerder
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Chazz Busby
character: Angelica Button
character: Carl Carlson
character: C.H.U.M.
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Doug
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Larry
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Sam
character: Homer Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten

/wiki/Smoke_on_the_Daughter
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Chazz Busby
character: Horatio Caine
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Simone de Beauvoir
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lillian Hellman
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Margaret Mead
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Frank Tripp
character: Milhouse Van Houten

/wiki/Papa_Don%27t_Leech
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Dixie Chicks
character: Eddie
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Duffman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Kermit
character: Cho Lum Kin
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Lou
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Royce Lumpkin
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Miss Piggy
character: Harry Potter
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Nick Riviera
character: Gerald Samson
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Roy Snyder
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Apocalypse_Cow
character: 4-H leader
character: Compost
character: County fair judge
character: Dia-Betty
character: Janey
character: Lou
character: Tress MacNeille
character: Dean Martin
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Solar Panel
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Mary Spuckler
character: Stabbed in Jail Spuckler
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Justin Leonard

/wiki/Any_Given_Sundance
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Jim Jarmusch
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: John C. Reilly
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Springfield University Nittany Tide

/wiki/Mona_Leaves-a
character: Alan
character: Lance Armstrong
character: Betsy
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Fozzie Bear
character: Eric
character: Black Eric
character: Ned Flanders
character: Paul Giamatti
character: Barney Gumble
character: Martin Lawrence
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lenny Leonard's mother
character: Munchie
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Richard Nixon
character: Seth
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/All_About_Lisa
character: Muhammad Aliâ
character: Booberella
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Chucklesâ
character: Cindy
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Cosine
character: Arthur Crandall
character: Database
character: E-mail
character: Gabbo
character: Gabriel
character: Mitzi Gaynor
character: Brad Goodman
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jesse
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Smarty Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Krustylu Studios security guard
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lindsay Lohan
character: Sophia Lorenâ
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Roger Meyers, Jr.
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Professor Nitwitâ
character: Plopper
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Maria Quimby
character: The Rich Texan
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tanya
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Paris Texan
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Astrid Weller
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Yes Guy
character: No Yuâ

