/wiki/Who_Shot_Mr._Burns%3F_(Part_Two)
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Eddie
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Doctor Colossus
character: Gulliver Dark
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Barney Gumble
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Tito Puente
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Dave Shutton
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Radioactive_Man
character: Alfalfa
character: Birch Barlow
character: Estonian dwarf
character: Fallout Boy
character: Scott Christian
character: Lewis Clark
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Buddy Hodges
character: Brad Goodman
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Stacy Lovell
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Troy McClure
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Joe Quimby
character: Radioactive Man
character: Richard
character: Dirk Richter
character: Mickey Rooney
character: Dr. S
character: The Scoutmaster
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Smelly
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Home_Sweet_Homediddly-Dum-Doodily
character: Ambrose of Milan
character: St. Augustine of Hippo
character: Artaxerxes
character: Wendell Borton
character: Female judge
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Itchy
character: Lewis Clark
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Don Vittorio DiMaggio
character: Jaffee
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Long haired girl
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Pablo Neruda
character: Richard
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Springfield Bentley employee
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: John Swartzwelder
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Bart_Sells_His_Soul
character: Annex Administrator
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Mrs. Clark
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Helen Feesh
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: The raving derelict
character: Mrs. Mackleberry
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Shoshanna
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Grandma Van Houten
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Lisa_the_Vegetarian
character: Becky
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Eddie
character: José Flanders
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Thistlewick Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Barney Gumble
character: Ham
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Itchy
character: Jimmy
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Linda McCartney
character: Paul McCartney
character: Troy McClure
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black weasel
character: Yellow weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_VI
character: Paul Anka
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Stephen Hawking
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lewis Clark
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lard Lad
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/King-Size_Homer
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Joey Crusher
character: Faye Dunaway
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Classy pig
character: Ned Flanders
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Sherlock Holmes
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lowblow
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Nick Riviera
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Pauly Shore
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Telephone operator
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Mother_Simpson
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Charlie
character: City worker
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Joe Friday
character: Bill Gannon
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Hans Moleman
character: Joe Namath
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Johnny Unitas
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Sideshow_Bob%27s_Last_Gleaming
character: Battery
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: The Doctor
character: E-mail
character: Ned Flanders
character: Professor Gas Can
character: Leslie Hapablap
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Rupert Murdoch
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martin Prince
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Stingy
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Cosine Tangent
character: Tanya
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/The_Simpsons_138th_Episode_Spectacular
character: Buzz Aldrin
character: Race Banyon
character: Jasper Beardly
character: James Bond
character: James L. Brooks
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Ashley Grant
character: Matt Groening
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Adolf Hitler
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Linus Irving
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Troy McClure
character: Marvin Monroe
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Lawrence Pierce
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Tito Puente
character: Robotic Richard Simmons
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Dave Shutton
character: Sam Simon
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: The Rich Texan
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Marge_Be_Not_Proud
character: Kent Brockman
character: Don Brodka
character: Lee Carvallo
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Gavin
character: Gavin's mother
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Donkey Kong
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Tom Landry
character: Luigi
character: Mario
character: Troy McClure
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Sonic the Hedgehog
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Xoxchitla
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Team_Homer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Al Gumble
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jacques
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Lou
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Freddy Quimby
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Mindy Simmons
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Two_Bad_Neighbors
character: Barbara Bush
character: George H. W. Bush
character: George W. Bush
character: Jeb Bush
character: Bill Clinton
character: Grover Cleveland
character: Dick
character: Disco Stu
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Gerald Ford
character: Alice Glick
character: Mikhail Gorbachev
character: Barney Gumble
character: Agent Heintz
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Ray Johnson
character: Ruhollah Khomeini
character: Helmut Kohl
character: Bob Mosbacher
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ronald Reagan
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Scenes_from_the_Class_Struggle_in_Springfield
character: Brittany Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Elizabeth
character: Gillian
character: Karyn
character: Tom Kite
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Richard Nixon
character: Patricia
character: Evelyn Peters
character: Roberta
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Susan

/wiki/Bart_the_Fink
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Corporal Punishment
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Alice Glick
character: Handsome Pete
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Kermit
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Ann Landers
character: Melissa
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Troy McClure
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Bob Newhart
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rory B. Bellows
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Hortense Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Tom Stovak
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainer Wolfcastle

/wiki/Lisa_the_Iconoclast
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Wendell Borton
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Doris Freedman
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Hollis Hurlbut
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Lewis Clark
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Larry
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Troy McClure
character: Melissa
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Betsy Ross
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: George Washington
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Mr. Winfield
character: Sylvia Winfield
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Homer_the_Smithers
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Daphne Burns
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Ms. Melon
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/The_Day_the_Violence_Died
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Kent Brockman
character: Brown-Nose Bear
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Dinner Dog
character: Disgruntled Goat
character: Eliza
character: Flatulent Fox
character: Huckleberry Hound
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Itchy
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Chester J. Lampwick
character: Lester
character: Manic Mailman
character: Otto Mann
character: Roger Meyers, Jr.
character: Roger Meyers, Sr.
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Rich Uncle Skeleton
character: Scratchy
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Roy Snyder
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Mr. Zip

/wiki/A_Fish_Called_Selma
character: Birch Barlow
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: David Crosby
character: Dyan Cannon
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jub-Jub
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Kermit
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lori
character: Louie
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Troy McClure
character: Bette Midler
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Leonard Nimoy
character: MacArthur Parker
character: Miss Piggy
character: Tito Puente
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Sting
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Elizabeth Taylor
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Fat Tony
character: Adam West
character: Barry White
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Dr. Zaius

/wiki/Bart_on_the_Road
character: Airport ticket lady
character: Langdon Alger
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Wendell Borton
character: Dispatcher
character: Flipsy
character: Al Gore
character: Barney Gumble
character: Hitchhiker
character: Hong Kong doctor
character: Waylon Jennings
character: Larry
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Madame
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Oak Ridge nuclear technician
character: Pawnbroker
character: Sherri
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Wig store employee
character: Andy Williams
character: Winnipeg man

/wiki/22_Short_Films_About_Springfield
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Black weasel
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Don Brodka
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Señora Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Capital City Goofball
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Dr. Colossus
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Sean Connery
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Disco Stu
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Handsome Pete
character: Jesse Helms
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jake
character: Jamice
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Leopold
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Maw
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Roger Moore
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Very tall man
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Yellow weasel
character: Üter Zörker

/wiki/Raging_Abe_Simpson_and_His_Grumbling_Grandson_in_%22The_Curse_of_the_Flying_Hellfish%22
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Ned Flanders
character: Arnie Gumble
character: Milton Haas
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Griff McDonald
character: Judge Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Asa Phelps
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Sheldon Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Fernando Vidal
character: Etch Westgrin
character: Iggy Wiggum

/wiki/Much_Apu_About_Nothing
character: Bear
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Wendell Borton
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Tom Cruise
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Yuma Hickman
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jaffee
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Nicole Kidman
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon Sr.
character: Apu's mother
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Mayor Quimby's body guards
character: Richard
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Uncle Sam
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Orville J. Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Homerpalooza
character: Jasper Beardley
character: Wendell Borton
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Cypress Hill
character: Peter Frampton
character: Barney Gumble
character: Rover Hendrix
character: Shemp Howard
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Lewis Clark
character: London Symphony Orchestra
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Music store clerk
character: Pink Floyd
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Sandra
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: The Smashing Pumpkins
character: Sonic Youth
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Summer_of_4_Ft._2
character: Adrian
character: Becky
character: Ben
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Lewis Clark
character: Dean
character: Erin
character: Ned Flanders
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Ice cream van instructor
character: Jaffee
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Li'l Valu-Mart clerk
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Jessica Lovejoy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: The Mad Hatter
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Richard
character: Rick
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Allison Taylor
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum

