/wiki/The_Mook,_the_Chef,_the_Wife_and_Her_Homer
character: Michael D'Amico
character: Garfield
character: Gudrun Sylvester Hvid
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Legs
character: Louie
character: Otto Mann
character: Metallica
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Milhouse Van Houten

/wiki/Jazzy_and_the_Pussycats
character: Ms. Albright
character: Anastasia
character: Daphne Beaumont
character: Anwar Benitez
character: Sammy Biltmore
character: The Blue Man Group
character: Clancy Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Brad
character: Kent Brockman
character: Dr. Brentano
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Tootsie Childs
character: The Chubb Group
character: Bootsy Croutonne
character: Database
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Doug
character: Eddie
character: Ernst
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Sketch Friendly
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gillian
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Gunter
character: Gunter
character: Henry the Canary
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jazzy Goodtime's waiter
character: D.W. Jitters!
character: Jimbo Jones
character: No-Talent Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Marcus Le Marquez
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Neil
character: Otto Mann
character: Bossy Marmalade
character: Gooey Martin
character: Bad-Check Mazursky
character: Horatio McCallister
character: C.S.I. Miami
character: Willie Mimms
character: Mr. Mitchell
character: Hans Moleman
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Anoop Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pria Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Defonzo Palmer
character: Patricia
character: Bobby Peterson
character: Ruth Powers
character: The Pre-Marital Sextet
character: Shaky Premise
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Rafael
character: The Rich Texan
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Richie Sakai
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Amber Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Smiley
character: Snowball V
character: Spuckler children
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Samantha Stankey
character: Cantaloupe St. Pierre
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Ray-Ray Takamura
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: Tribal Chief
character: Drop Jaws Turner
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: The White Stripes
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Bossie

/wiki/Please_Homer,_Don%27t_Hammer_%27Em
character: Adrian
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nabil
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Persian man
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Allison Taylor
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_XVII
character: The Blob
character: Blue
character: Alan Dershowitz
character: Female Golem
character: Female teenager
character: German man
character: Male Golem
character: Hobo
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Krusty the Clown
character: The Laugh Stop audience member (1)
character: The Laugh Stop audience member (2)
character: Phil McGraw
character: Joe Quimby
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Jeffrey Tambor
character: Orson Welles
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/G.I._(Annoyed_Grunt)
character: Ms. Albright
character: Army colonel
character: Army recruit
character: Army recruiter 1
character: Army recruiter 2
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Colonel's aide
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Cap'n Crunch
character: Database
character: Dorothy
character: Drill sergeant
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Girl with glasses
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jaffee
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Abraham Lincoln
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Melissa
character: Melvin
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: George Washington
character: Yellow weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Moe%27N%27a_Lisa
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Carl Carlson
character: Michael Chabon
character: Eloise
character: Jonathan Franzen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Adolf Hitler
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: J. Jonah Jameson
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Hans Moleman
character: Old Jewish man
character: Janey Powell
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Spider-Man
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Gore Vidal
character: Yellow Weasel
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Tom Wolfe

/wiki/Ice_Cream_of_Margie_(with_the_Light_Blue_Hair)
character: Bear
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Capital City Goofball
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Frankie the Squealer
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gavin
character: Alice Glick
character: Magilla Gorilla
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Icarus
character: iPod
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Mr. Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lactose intolerant boy
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Max
character: Max's wife
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Melissa
character: Roger Meyers, Jr.
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Opal
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Martin Prince
character: Rafael
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Professor Stein
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: The Rich Texan
character: Fat Tony
character: Gail Tucker
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Greta Wolfcastle
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Haw-Hawed_Couple
character: Wendell Borton
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Database
character: T. R. Francis
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Headmaster Greystash
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis Clark
character: Legs
character: Louie
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Galahad

/wiki/Kill_Gil,_Volumes_I_%26_II
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Adrian
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Lewis Clark
character: Mr. Costington
character: Ned Flanders
character: The Grumple
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Candy Kevin
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Long haired girl
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Phillip
character: Poochie
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Elvis Stojko
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz, Jr.

/wiki/The_Wife_Aquatic
character: Billy
character: Ling Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eloise
character: Fausto
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Alice Glick
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jack
character: Officer Joe
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Jub-Jub
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Hans Moleman
character: Italian Pete
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Yum Yum Fish
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Revenge_Is_a_Dish_Best_Served_Three_Times
character: Bartman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Crimson Cockatoo
character: The Diddler
character: Barney Gumble
character: Ham
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Poison Lenny
character: Mr. Mole
character: Richard
character: Serpent
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Jimmy Smits
character: Roy Snyder
character: Sugar and Spice
character: The Rich Texan
character: The Toker

/wiki/Little_Big_Girl
character: Adrian
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Wendell Borton
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Darcy
character: Database
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Jaffee
character: Jacques
character: John Squawking Bear
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Harry Potter
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dylan Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker

/wiki/Springfield_Up
character: Eleanor Abernathy
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Declan Desmond
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: The Hounds
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Joe Quimby
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Shadow
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Winston
character: Yes Guy
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Yokel_Chords
character: Adrian
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Buttcrack Barry
character: Carl Carlson
character: Jim Carrey
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Ling Chow
character: Sheila Chow
character: Chuck
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Salvador Dalí
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Andy Dick
character: Dario Fo
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jaffee
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Long haired girl
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Audrey McConnell
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Melissa
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: James Patterson
character: Janey Powell
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Psychologist
character: Reverend Racist
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Stephen Sondheim
character: Springfield Elementary School psychologist
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Birthday Spuckler
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Crystal Meth Spuckler
character: Dubya Spuckler
character: Incest Spuckler
character: International Harvester Spuckler
character: Jitney Spuckler
character: Whitney Spuckler
character: Dark Stanley
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Stacey Swanson
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Merle Values
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Rome-Old_and_Juli-Eh
character: Ling Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Calvin Coolidge
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lillian Gish
character: Constance Harm
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Troy McClure
character: Rafael
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Robert Terwilliger

/wiki/Homerazzi
character: Anastasia
character: Kent Brockman
character: Booberella
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Capital City Goofball
character: Carl Carlson
character: José Canseco
character: Chewbacca
character: Scott Christian
character: Gary Coleman
character: Arthur Crandall
character: Ernst
character: Fireman
character: Ned Flanders
character: Freddy
character: Gabbo
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gunter
character: Enrico Irritazio
character: Elton John
character: Julio
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Paul McCartney
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Yao Ming
character: Lance Murdock
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Evelyn Peters
character: Freddy Quimby
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Rose Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Burt Reynolds
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Sara Sloane
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. T
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Paris Texan
character: Rich Texan
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Betty White
character: Robin Williams
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Marge_Gamer
character: Vendor Apu
character: Jesminder Bhamra
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Mantis Burns
character: Nick Callahan
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Christopher Columbus
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Cycloid Dolph
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Troll Jimbo
character: Troll Kearney
character: Cobra King
character: Shadow Knight
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Enchantress Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Jessica Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Manchester United
character: Otto Mann
character: Elf Marge
character: Wench Milhouse
character: Troll Moe
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Bat Nelson
character: Pixie Dr. Nick
character: Portly wizard
character: Janey Powell
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Ronaldo
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Turkey Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Sophie
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Sussexton-Hamptonshire-Unleath
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Virgin Mary statue
character: Warrior Marge
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Boys_of_Bummer
character: Bill
character: Michael Bolton
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Cottontail
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Stephen King
character: Joe LaBoot
character: Marty
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Eleanor Roosevelt
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Cotton Tail
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Crook_and_Ladder
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Mr. Costington
character: Franken Berry
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: John Lennon
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Elvis Presley
character: Joe Quimby
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Stop_or_My_Dog_Will_Shoot!
character: Big Bird
character: Clippy
character: Eddie
character: Elmo
character: Barney Gumble
character: Stephen Hawking
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lou
character: Pinhead
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sharquelle
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Strangles
character: Jason Voorhees
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/24_Minutes
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jack Bauer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Cosine
character: Database
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Carol Jones
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Chloe O'Brian
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Phobos
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/You_Kent_Always_Say_What_You_Want
character: Birch Barlow
character: Becky
character: Black weasel
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Melissa Burlingame
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Cosine
character: Dracula
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Kodos
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Laddie
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Leprechaun
character: Lewis Clark
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Ludacris
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Newshound
character: Janey Powell
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Mr. Teeny
character: The Rich Texan
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

