/wiki/Lard_of_the_Dance
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Bubbles
character: Chuck
character: Database
character: Dash Dingo
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black weasel
character: Yellow weasel
character: Alex Whitney
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker

/wiki/The_Wizard_of_Evergreen_Terrace
character: Buzz Aldrin
character: Race Banyon
character: Bill
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Carl Carlson
character: Leonardo da Vinci
character: Thomas Edison
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Lewis Clark
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Librarian
character: Marty
character: Pope
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Lucius Sweet
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum

/wiki/Bart_the_Mother
character: Bart Junior
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Chirpy Boy
character: Troy McClure
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Joe Quimby
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Milhouse Van Houten

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_IX
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Eddie
character: Kathie Lee Gifford
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Kang
character: Killer Toupée
character: Kodos
character: Freddy Krueger
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Ed McMahon
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Regis Philbin
character: Poochie
character: Nick Riviera
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Jerry Springer
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Jason Voorhees
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/When_You_Dish_Upon_a_Star
character: Alec Baldwin
character: Billy Baldwin
character: Bart-Bart
character: Kim Basinger
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Wendell Borton
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Homie
character: Ron Howard
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ranger Ned
character: Ruth Powers
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/D%27oh-in%27_in_the_Wind
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Phyllis Diller
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Ginsberg
character: Barney Gumble
character: Jimi Hendrix
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Bob Hope
character: Lou
character: Munchie
character: Jill St. John
character: Seth
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Lisa_Gets_an_%22A%22
character: State Comptroller Atkins
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Dash Dingo
character: Gavin
character: Gavin's mother
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Mr. Pinchy
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Toad
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Homer_Simpson_in:_%22Kidney_Trouble%22
character: British Raj Man
character: Caribbean Outcast
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Man in Dinner Jacket
character: Sad-Looking Frenchman
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Woman in wedding dress

/wiki/Mayored_to_the_Mob
character: ALF
character: Robot B-9
character: C-3PO
character: Carl Carlson
character: Chewbacca
character: Clarice
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Cylon
character: Database
character: Ernie
character: Professor Frink
character: Gort
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Mark Hamill
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Larry
character: Leavelle
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Mayor Quimby's body guards
character: Joe Quimby
character: R2-D2
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Dr. Smith
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Willie
character: The Yes Guy
character: Üter Zörker

/wiki/Viva_Ned_Flanders
character: Anastasia
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Ernst
character: Ginger Flanders
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Gunter
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: The Moody Blues
character: Lance Murdock
character: Don Rickles
character: Roscoe
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Amber Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Lucius Sweet
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Sideshow Mel

/wiki/Wild_Barts_Can%27t_Be_Broken
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Smash Diggins
character: Eddie
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gyro
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lewis Clark
character: Stan Kadlubowski
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Old Jewish man
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Pyro
character: Joe Quimby
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Fishbone Walker
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Sunday,_Cruddy_Sunday
character: Troy Aikman
character: Bill Clinton
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rosey Grier
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Wally Kogen
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: John Madden
character: Rupert Murdoch
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Dolly Parton
character: Rudy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Springfield Post Office employee (1)
character: Springfield Post Office employee (2)
character: Springfield Post Office employee (3)
character: Pat Summerall
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Homer_to_the_Max
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Ed Begley, Jr.
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Chief
character: Bill Clinton
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Chilton Danes
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lance Kaufman
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Neil
character: Ruth Powers
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Roy Snyder
character: Trent Steele
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Maria Wolfcastle

/wiki/I%27m_with_Cupid
character: Jasper Beardley
character: Carl Carlson
character: Fantastic Dan
character: Ned Flanders
character: Maude Flanders
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elton John
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum

/wiki/Marge_Simpson_in:_%22Screaming_Yellow_Honkers%22
character: Dave Barry
character: Erma Bombeck
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Ned Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Hans Moleman
character: Stone Phillips
character: Sergeant Crew
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Make_Room_for_Lisa
character: Bill
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Otto Mann
character: Marty
character: OmniTouch representative
character: Joe Quimby
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Fat Tony
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Maximum_Homerdrive
character: Red Barclay
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Señor Ding-Dong
character: Engineer
character: Female actress
character: Female trucker
character: Ned Flanders
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Gwen
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Loading dock worker
character: Male actor
character: Marlin
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Nureen
character: Rafael
character: Tony Randall
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Tourist
character: Trucker 1
character: Trucker 2
character: Trucker 3
character: Trucker 4
character: Trucker 5
character: Trucker 6
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Waiter
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Simpsons_Bible_Stories
character: Adam
character: Eve
character: Ned Flanders
character: Gary the Unicorn
character: Goliath
character: Goliath II
character: Jonah
character: Mrs. Krabapatra
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snake

/wiki/Mom_and_Pop_Art
character: Aileen
character: Akbar
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Christo
character: Débutante
character: Dowager
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Alonzo Flowers
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gillian
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gunter
character: Cecil Hampstead
character: Hans
character: Jeff
character: Jasper Johns
character: Kako
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Kyoto
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Michelangelo
character: Mom
character: Shaquille O'Neal
character: Claes Oldenburg
character: The Rich Texan
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Rowena
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Joseph Turner
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Andy Warhol
character: Astrid Weller
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum

/wiki/The_Old_Man_and_the_%22C%22_Student
character: Backstreet Boys
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Rhett Butler
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Cinnamon
character: Dorothy
character: Clark Gable
character: Rhett Butler
character: Hester
character: Larry
character: Lefty
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Scarlett O'Hara
character: Old Jewish man
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rizzo
character: Sam
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Springy
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Monty_Can%27t_Buy_Me_Love
character: Muhammad Ali
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Kevin Costner
character: Ned Flanders
character: Arthur Fortune
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Bill Gates
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Knick-Knack
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Loch Ness Monster
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Rupert Murdoch
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Noodles
character: Paddy-Whack
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Joe Quimby
character: Jerry Rude
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Willie's father
character: Willie's mother
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/They_Saved_Lisa%27s_Brain
character: Jane Austen
character: Madeleine Albright
character: Bill
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Geena Davis
character: Princess Diana
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Stephen Hawking
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Mel Lazarus
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Marty
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Grandma Plopwell
character: Joe Quimby
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Marilyn vos Savant
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Thirty_Minutes_Over_Tokyo
character: Emperor Akihito
character: Woody Allen
character: Jim Belushi
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Roy Cohn
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Matt Davis
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Gamera
character: Chuck Garabedian
character: Godzilla
character: Barney Gumble
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Mothra
character: Burt Reynolds
character: Rodan
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tikashi
character: US marine
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Wink
character: Sumo wrestler

