/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_XI
character: Akira
character: Mrs. Albright
character: Bear family
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: George Cauldron
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Devil
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Doris Freedman
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Goldilocks
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert's son
character: Julius Hibbert's son
character: Julius Hibbert's daughter
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jimbo Jones
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: St. Peter
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Rapunzel
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: King Snorky
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Suzanne
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Troll
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/A_Tale_of_Two_Springfields
character: Akira
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Bill
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Flanders' pet woodpecker
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Stacy Lovell
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Marty
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Phony McRing-Ring
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Ruth Powers
character: Arnie Pye
character: Pyro
character: Freddy Quimby
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Dave Shutton
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball II
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: The Rich Texan
character: Fat Tony
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Mrs. Vanderbilt
character: The Who
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Insane_Clown_Poppy
character: Maya Angelou
character: Don Vittorio DiMaggio
character: "Dummies" Author
character: Frankie the Squealer
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Saddam Hussein
character: Joey
character: Stephen King
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Legs
character: Louie
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Nick Riviera
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Sophie
character: Amy Tan
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: Fat Tony
character: John Updike
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Christopher Walken

/wiki/Lisa_the_Tree_Hugger
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Lucille Botzcowski
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Caleb
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Débutante
character: Dirt First
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Dowager
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Professor Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Jesse Grass
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jake
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Veronica Lodge
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Reverend Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Branford Marsalis
character: Horatio McAllister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old father
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Mayor Quimby
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Principal Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Rich Texan
character: Mr. Thai
character: Fat Tony
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Mrs. Vanderbilt
character: Sir Widebottom
character: Chief Wiggum

/wiki/Homer_vs._Dignity
character: Billy
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Mr. Costington
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Malibu Stacy actress
character: Mary Kay
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Noid
character: Ping-Ping
character: Rusty
character: Sheba
character: Sim-Sim
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Sirloin staff
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Unnamed financial planner
character: Mrs. Vanderbilt
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Funky Winkerbean
character: The Yes Guy

/wiki/The_Computer_Wore_Menace_Shoes
character: Carl Carlson
character: Jesus Christ
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Fake Homer
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Number 2
character: Number 6
character: Number 12
character: Number 15
character: Number 18
character: Number 21
character: Number 22
character: Number 27
character: Number 30
character: Joe Quimby
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Officer Scraps
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson

/wiki/The_Great_Money_Caper
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Daphne Beaumont
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Devon Bradley
character: Kent Brockman
character: Diablo
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Gladys
character: Hazel
character: Hester
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Michael Jackson
character: Old Jewish man
character: Increase
character: Karyn
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Otto Mann
character: Mayo Clinic doctor
character: Prudence
character: Questo
character: Rafael
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Yale man

/wiki/Skinner%27s_Sense_of_Snow
character: Al
character: Blitzen
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Brett Favre
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jerry
character: Lou
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nibbles
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Ringmaster
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kristi Yamaguchi

/wiki/HOM%D0%AF
character: Dame Edna
character: Female researcher
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Gravey
character: Itchy
character: Jobriath
character: McBain
character: Meganaut
character: Ozmodiar
character: Bill Paxton
character: Pharm team male researcher
character: Polly
character: Poochie
character: Bill Pullman
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Princess Tempura
character: Leon Uris

/wiki/Pokey_Mom
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Jack Crowley
character: Delbert
character: Bob Dylan
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Jimi Hendrix
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Muriel
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Prisoner
character: Sardonicus
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Dr. Steve
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tornado
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Bruce Vilanch
character: The Warden
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Irving Zitsofsky

/wiki/Worst_Episode_Ever
character: Adrian
character: Neil Armstrong
character: Becky
character: Biclops
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Carl Carlson
character: Lewis Clark
character: Johnnie Cochran
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Freddy
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gallagher
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Matt Groening
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Larry
character: Princess Leia
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Lou
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Richard Nixon
character: Poochie
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Radioactive Man
character: Eric Reynolds
character: Richard
character: Sam
character: Tom Savini
character: She-Hulk
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Nina Skalka
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Smug girl
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Steve
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Robert Terwilliger
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Yellow Weasel
character: Chief Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Tennis_the_Menace
character: Andre Agassi
character: Jasper Beardley
character: Kent Brockman
character: Stephanie Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Dingbat Charlie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Funeral home salesman
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Pete Sampras
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Serena Williams
character: Venus Williams

/wiki/Day_of_the_Jackanapes
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Lewis Clark
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Girl with glasses
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jeremy
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Leo
character: Lou
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Madame Mimi
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pyro
character: Rafael
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Virgil
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/New_Kids_on_the_Blecch
character: The Beatles
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Cienega
character: Captain & Tennille
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Ned Flanders
character: The Flash
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Adolf Hitler
character: KISS
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: 'N Sync
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Elvis Presley
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Seth
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Lieutenant Smash
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Hungry,_Hungry_Homer
character: Howard K. Duff VIII
character: Mike Farrell
character: Henri
character: Mayor of Albuquerque
character: Pete
character: Cesar Romero
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Wayne Rogers

/wiki/Bye_Bye_Nerdie
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Database
character: Female researcher
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Galileo Galilei
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: C. Everett Koop
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ms. Phipps
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Pharm team male researcher
character: Richard
character: Francine Rhenquist
character: Sales lady
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Simpson_Safari
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Mbali
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Joan Bushwell
character: Kitenge

/wiki/Trilogy_of_Error
character: Becky
character: The Blue Man Group
character: Carl Carlson
character: Chester
character: Eddie
character: Fat Tony
character: Ned Flanders
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Linguo
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Captain Horatio McCallister
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Dr. Nick Riviera
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/I%27m_Goin%27_to_Praiseland
character: Agent 99
character: Kent Brockman
character: Catwoman
character: Lucille Botzcowski
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Rachel Jordan
character: James T. Kirk
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Liza Minnelli
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Patches
character: Joe Quimby
character: The Rich Texan
character: Nick Riviera
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Spock
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Uhura
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Poor Violet
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Children_of_a_Lesser_Clod
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Bill Cosby
character: Craig
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Snake Jailbird
character: George Jetson
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Lugash
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Melissa
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Anoop Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Gheet Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nabendu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Poonam Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pria Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sandeep Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sashi Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Uma Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Üter Zörker

/wiki/Simpsons_Tall_Tales
character: Connie Appleseed
character: Babe
character: Homer Bufflekill
character: Paul Bunyan
character: Huckleberry Finn
character: Rodan
character: Tom Sawyer
character: Mr. Silas
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Becky
character: Singing railroad hobo
character: Fat Tony

