/wiki/The_City_of_New_York_vs._Homer_Simpson
character: Carl Carlson
character: City worker
character: Della
character: Dowager
character: Duffman
character: Gillian
character: Steven Grabowski
character: Barney Gumble
character: Hazel
character: Adil Hoxha
character: Jesus
character: Jimmy
character: Karyn
character: Khlav Kalash vendor
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Leo
character: Liza Minnelli
character: Alfred E. Neuman
character: Museum lady
character: Pet Store man
character: Pope
character: The Rich Texan
character: Roberta
character: Sam
character: Secretariat
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mrs. Spencer
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Very tall man
character: Yale woman

/wiki/The_Principal_and_the_Pauper
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Ned Flanders
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Joe Quimby
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Lisa%27s_Sax
character: Kent Brockman
character: Mia Farrow
character: Fyvush Finkel
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Michigan J. Frog
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Chan Ho
character: Chin Ho
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Kindergarten teacher
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ms. Phipps
character: J. Loren Pyror
character: The Scream
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball I
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Worm-eating boy

/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_VIII
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Fox censor
character: Floyd
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Joe Quimby
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball V
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Edgar Winter
character: Johnny Winter

/wiki/The_Cartridge_Family
character: Ariaga
character: Ariaga II
character: Aruglia
character: Bariaga
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Ned Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pelé
character: Pizzoza
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Bart_Star
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Roy Firestone
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Hank Hill
character: Sandy Koufax
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Joe Namath
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Üter Zörker

/wiki/The_Two_Mrs._Nahasapeemapetilons
character: Asa
character: Beatrice
character: Kent Brockman
character: Hattie
character: Homer Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Barney Gumble
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Ruth Powers
character: Alice Glick
character: Otto Mann
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Disco Stu
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Hans Moleman
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Ned Flanders
character: Maude Flanders
character: Apu's mother
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon Sr.
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Hazel
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Hester
character: Emile
character: Gladys
character: Ingrice
character: Lucky
character: Prudence
character: Lemuel
character: Apu's relative
character: Retirement Castle nurse
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Cornelius Talmadge
character: Manjula's mother

/wiki/Lisa_the_Skeptic
character: Adrian
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Boy with shades
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Stephen Jay Gould
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Jaffee
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pope
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Realty_Bites
character: Larry Burns
character: George H. W. Bush
character: City worker
character: Johnny D
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lurleen Lumpkin
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Barbara Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Chief Wiggum

/wiki/Miracle_on_Evergreen_Terrace
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Hester
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Patches
character: Joe Quimby
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Alex Trebek
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Poor Violet
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/All_Singing,_All_Dancing
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Belle
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Clint Eastwood
character: Eddie
character: Helen Feesh
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Professor Frink
character: Number 51
character: Greyhound puppies
character: Barney Gumble
character: Steve Guttenberg
character: George Harrison
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: The Human Fly
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lyle Lanley
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis Clark
character: Joshua Logan
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Sr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Lee Marvin
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Marvin Monroe
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Number One
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Sherri and Terri's mother
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Bart_Carny
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Cooder
character: Fantastic Dan
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Humphrey
character: Impervo the Painless
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lou
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: The Rich Texan
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Spud
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/The_Joy_of_Sect
character: Barney the Dinosaur
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Carl Carlson
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Glen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Jane
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Stephen King
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Edna Krabappel
character: The Leader
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Gerald Samson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Das_Bus
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Bill Gates
character: Lewis Clark
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum

/wiki/The_Last_Temptation_of_Krust
character: Bruce Baum
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Bobcat Goldthwait
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Jay Leno
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Steven Wright

/wiki/Dumbbell_Indemnity
character: Carl Carlson
character: Eddie
character: Barney Gumble
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Hans Moleman
character: Renee
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Lisa_the_Simpson
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Beggar relative
character: Billy
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Doris Freedman
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky
character: Jimbo Jones
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Kenny
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Troy McClure
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Dr. Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: The Rich Texan
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Yellow weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/This_Little_Wiggy
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Database
character: Eddie
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Leprechaun
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Martha
character: Troy McClure
character: Morningwood guard
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Wiggle Puppy
character: Joe Quimby
character: Robbie the Automaton
character: Robot controller
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Simpson_Tide
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Bob Denver
character: Barney Gumble
character: Mrs. Gumble
character: Jimbo Jones
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Larry
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Rafael
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Mr. Snookums
character: Hikaru Sulu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Captain Tenille
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Village People

/wiki/The_Trouble_with_Trillions
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Fidel Castro
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Faith Crowley
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Agent Johnson
character: Karl
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Agent Miller
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Joe Quimby
character: Nick Riviera
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Lucius Sweet
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Girly_Edition
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Apu's Helper Monkey
character: Joe Banks
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Black Weasel
character: Kent Brockman
character: Wendell Borton
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: The Chocobots
character: City worker
character: Cocoa
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Gooey
character: Itchy
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lewis Clark
character: Mojo
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsay Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Major Nougat
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Richard
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Trash_of_the_Titans
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Mr. Bunny
character: Carl Carlson
character: Mr. Costington
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Paul McGuinness
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Oscar the Grouch
character: Ray Patterson
character: Ruth Powers
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Nick Riviera
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: U2
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/King_of_the_Hill
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Brad
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Legs
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: C.W. McAllister
character: McBain
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Neil
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherpa
character: Sherpa
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Lost_Our_Lisa
character: Area 51-A security guard
character: Bear
character: Carl Carlson
character: Cherry picker man
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Curly Sue
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Albert Dershman
character: Drawbridge worker
character: Hazel
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Khlav Kalash vendor
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Mother
character: Old Jewish man
character: Rafael
character: Russian chess player
character: Russian chess player
character: Russian vendor
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten

/wiki/Natural_Born_Kissers
character: Rick Blaine
character: Bill
character: Carl Carlson
character: Farmer
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Ilsa Lund
character: Marty
character: Old Jewish man
character: Polly
character: Louis Renault
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Steve
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Teresa
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

