/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_XIV
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charlie Brown
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Oscar De La Hoya
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Ned Flanders
character: Frankie the Squealer
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Jonathan Frink Sr.
character: Jennifer Garner
character: God
character: Grim Reaper
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Dudley Herschbach
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Pope
character: Janey Powell
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Arnie Pye
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/My_Mother_the_Carjacker
character: Agent
character: Agent
character: Batman
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Cora
character: Eddie
character: Elderly woman
character: Female prisoner
character: Female prisoner
character: Female prisoner
character: Female prisoner
character: Ned Flanders
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Stevie McGregor
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Tokyo Rose
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Mona Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Roy Snyder
character: Unnamed hobo
character: Unnamed lawyer
character: John Wayne
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/The_President_Wore_Pearls
character: Becky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Database
character: Eddie
character: Geraldine Ferraro
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Guy with zombie mask
character: Unnamed gypsy
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Mr. Kupferberg
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: Michael Moore
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Rafael
character: Repo man
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Regina_Monologues
character: Abbie
character: Mr. Bean
character: Tony Blair
character: Judi Dench
character: Dame Edna
character: Edwina
character: Queen Elizabeth II
character: Prince Harry
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Madonna
character: Evan Marriott
character: Ian McKellen
character: Mr. O'Bannon
character: Harry Potter
character: R2-D2
character: J.K. Rowling
character: Chuck Shadowski
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Squeaky-voiced English teen

/wiki/The_Fat_and_the_Furriest
character: Bears
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Grant Connor
character: Jamses
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Moses
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Stampy

/wiki/Today_I_Am_a_Clown
character: Carl Carlson
character: Hyman Krustofsky
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Leo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. T
character: Jewish Walk of Fame curator
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Chief Wiggum
character: Nelson
character: Itchy
character: Scratchy
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Jeremy
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Diane
character: Unnamed hooker
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Snake
character: Barney
character: Construction worker
character: Construction worker
character: Pregnant woman
character: Rafael
character: Abraham Lincoln
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Moe
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Jewish vendor
character: Jewish vendor

/wiki/%27Tis_the_Fifteenth_Season
character: Tina Ballerina
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Stephanie Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Margaret Cho
character: Santa Claus
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gavin
character: Gavin's mother
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Itchy
character: Jimbo Jones
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: James T. Kirk
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Barbara Mandrell
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mrs. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Poonam Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Evelyn Peters
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Pyro
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Montgomery Scott
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Singing railroad hobo
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Disco Stu
character: Hikaru Sulu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Mr. Teeny
character: The Rich Texan
character: Tiny Tim
character: Fat Tony
character: Ebenezer Urkel
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Marge_vs._Singles,_Seniors,_Childless_Couples_and_Teens_and_Gays
character: Adrian
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Boy with shades
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Señor Ding-Dong
character: Dorothy
character: Surly Duff
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Itchy
character: Jaffee
character: Snake Jailbird
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Dewey Largo
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Millicent
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: The Rich Texan
character: Richard
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Roofi
character: Sam
character: Gerald Samson
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tanya
character: Teletubbies
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Tyler
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Yellow Weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Yes Guy
character: Zack

/wiki/I,_(Annoyed_Grunt)-bot
character: Killhammad Aieee
character: Crazy Cat Lady
character: Chief Knock-A-Homer
character: Cinnamon
character: Coltrane
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Jessica Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Professor Frink's son
character: Rafael
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball I
character: Snowball II
character: Snowball III
character: Snowball V
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Unnamed surfing rabbi
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Chop Screwy
character: Frank Murray
character: Frankie Junior

/wiki/Diatribe_of_a_Mad_Housewife
character: Bartaby Barrow
character: Leezakiah Barrow
character: Temperance Barrow
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Jaqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Scott Christian
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Esme Delacroix
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Disco Stu
character: Duffman
character: Eddie
character: Fat Tony
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: John F. Kennedy
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Cyrus Manly
character: Jack Marley
character: Marty
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Marvin Monroe
character: Captain Mordecai
character: Mr. Muntz
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ashley Olsen
character: Mary-Kate Olsen
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Thomas Pynchon
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Margical_History_Tour
character: Anne of Cleves
character: Germaine
character: Henry VIII
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Yugi Muto
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Randy
character: Sacagawea
character: Ron Santo
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Tito
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Milhouse_Doesn%27t_Live_Here_Anymore
character: Adrian
character: Robot B-9
character: Wendell Borton
character: Boy with shades
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Database
character: Eloise
character: Ned Flanders
character: Bunny Foofoo
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Lewis Clark
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Jaffee
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Long haired girl
character: Lewis look-alike
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Itchy
character: Richard
character: Isabel Sanford
character: Scratchy
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Yes Guy
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Gladys Kravitz
character: Stanley Roper
character: Wynton Marsalis
character: Michael Ironside
character: Mr. Ed
character: Lancelot Link
character: âHudson Brothers
character: Lester
character: Willie Tyler
character: Helen Reddy
character: Nadia ComÄneci
character: Paul Lynde

/wiki/Smart_and_Smarter
character: Mr. Bergstrom
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Katie Couric
character: Database
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Eddie
character: Albert Einstein
character: Rod Flanders
character: Phonic Frog
character: Girl with glasses
character: Barney Gumble
character: Henry
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert's daughter
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Lewis Clark
character: Lou
character: Otto Mann
character: Melissa
character: Morningwood guard
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nahasapeemapetilon octuplets
character: Ravencrow Neversmiles
character: Phonics Frog
character: Janey Powell
character: Martin Prince
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Philippa Wickerbottom
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Young boy

/wiki/The_Ziff_Who_Came_to_Dinner
character: Aristotle Amadopolis
character: Jasper Beardly
character: M.C. Birthday
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charlie Brown
character: Baby Button-Eyes
character: Carl Carlson
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Professor Lombardo
character: Lou
character: Rafael
character: Jay Sherman
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Llewellyn Sinclair
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Artie Ziff
character: Johnny Shakes

/wiki/Co-Dependent%27s_Day
character: Princess Agoomba
character: AT-AT
character: Jim-Jam Bonks
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Brave Combo
character: Jim Broadbent
character: Kent Brockman
character: Ellen Burstyn
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Randall Curtis
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Duffman
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Galactic senator
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jason
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lord Kraylac
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Kyle
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Yoda parody

/wiki/The_Wandering_Juvie
character: Bear
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Cletus
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Oliver Hardy
character: Constance Harm
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Martin Luther King
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Stan Laurel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Mayor Quimby's niece
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Mervin Monroe
character: Moonhilda
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Ruth Powers
character: Joe Quimby
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Gina Vendetti
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: The Warden
character: Snow White
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Yale man
character: Yes Guy

/wiki/My_Big_Fat_Geek_Wedding
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Bender Rodríguez
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Catwoman
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Duffman
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Boba Fett
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Philip J. Fry
character: Alice Glick
character: Matt Groening
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: The Larry Davis Experience
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Roy Snyder
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Darth Vader
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Catch_%27Em_If_You_Can
character: Carl Carlson
character: Eeymore
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Sherlock Holmes
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Raoul
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Tyrone Simpson
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Simple_Simpson
character: Bachelorette
character: Bachelorette
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Farmer Billy
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic book guy
character: Country singer
character: Cupcake Kid
character: Dalai Lama
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Girl scout
character: Alice Glick
character: The Green Listener
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jesus Christ
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nichelle Nichols
character: Old Jewish man
character: Patches
character: Pie Man
character: Ruth Powers
character: Elvis Presley
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Promiscuous Idiots Island producer
character: Joe Quimby
character: Mayor Quimby's body guards
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Richie Rich
character: Rich Texan
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: William Shatner
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Barbra Streisand
character: Supergirl
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Poor Violet
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/The_Way_We_Weren%27t
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Funkadelic
character: Bobby Goldsboro
character: Terry Jacks
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Kool-Aid Man
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Gilbert O'Sullivan
character: Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis
character: Parliament
character: Joe Quimby
character: Captain Quisp
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Sherri and Terri's cousin
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball V
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Leslie Uggams
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/Bart-Mangled_Banner
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Buttermilk
character: Carl Carlson
character: Nash Castor
character: Cesar
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Bill Clinton
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Dixie Chicks
character: Eddie
character: Elmo
character: Helen Feesh
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Doris Freedman
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Alice Glick
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert's daughter
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Jimmy the Scumbag
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Hyman Krustofsky
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Troy McClure
character: Hans Moleman
character: Michael Moore
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Nahasapeemapetilon octuplets
character: Old Jewish man
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Martin Prince
character: Arnie Pye
character: Pyro
character: Joe Quimby
character: Joe Quimby's body guards
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Dave Shutton
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Allison Taylor
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: The Rich Texan
character: Ugolin
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Fraudcast_News
character: Bill
character: Booberella
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Dewdrop
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Honeysuckle
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Krusty the Clown
character: League of Evil
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Marty
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

