/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_XIII
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders (ghost)
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Peter Griffin
character: Barney Gumble
character: Hammock man
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Homer's clones
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: The Rich Texan
character: Fat Tony
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/How_I_Spent_My_Strummer_Vacation
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Larry Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Elvis Costello
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Mick Jagger
character: Legs
character: Lenny Kravitz
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Kenny Loggins
character: Louie
character: Otto Mann
character: Mayor's bodyguard
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Tom Petty
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Keith Richards
character: Brian Setzer
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/Bart_vs._Lisa_vs._the_Third_Grade
character: Ashley
character: Mary Bailey
character: Becky
character: Bender Rodríguez
character: Wendell Borton
character: Capital City Goofball
character: Database
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Kevin
character: Kyle
character: Otto Mann
character: M.C. Safety
character: M.C. Safety and the Caution Crew
character: Audrey McConnell
character: Melissa
character: Morgan
character: Nelson Muntz
character: No Risk
character: Pikachu
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Janey Powell
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Allison Taylor
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black weasel
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/Large_Marge
character: Angelo
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Dia-Betty
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: George H. W. Bush
character: Carl Carlson
character: Jimmy Carter
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Bill Clinton
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Gay Latino man
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Kiki Highsmith
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Larry Kidkill
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Otto Mann
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Chief O'Hara
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: The Rich Texan
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Stampy
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Dr. Velimirovic
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Batman
character: Robin

/wiki/Helter_Shelter
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Ned Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Larry Holmes
character: Jeremy
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Gummy Sue Spuckler
character: Jake
character: Squiggy
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Kozlov
character: Buster Brown

/wiki/The_Great_Louse_Detective
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: George H. W. Bush
character: Carl Carlson
character: Jesus Christ
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Doris
character: Duffman
character: Eddie
character: Fat Tony
character: Frank Grimes
character: Frank Grimes, Jr.
character: Stephen Hawking
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Yes Guy
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Special_Edna
character: Osama bin Rotten
character: Wendell Borton
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: â€ŽPam Dawber
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Dog
character: Surly Duff
character: â€ŽJulio Estudiante
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Girl with glasses
character: Sophie Jensen
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis Clark
character: Long haired girl
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: George Meyer
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Little Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Uncle Slam
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Smug girl
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: The Rich Texan
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Dad_Who_Knew_Too_Little
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Dexter Colt
character: Mr. Dalrymple
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: The Flying Giuseppe
character: Kenny
character: Rafael
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snow White
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum

/wiki/The_Strong_Arms_of_the_Ma
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Mervin Monroe
character: Mugger
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Rafael
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Pray_Anything
character: Johnny Bench
character: Best Way Linen Supply
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Kent Brockman
character: Gautama Buddha
character: Carl Carlson
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: God
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry H. Lawyer, Jr.
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lisa Leslie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Mayo Clinic doctor
character: Fung Pang-Li
character: Arnie Pye
character: Rafael
character: The Rich Texan
character: Nick Riviera
character: Colonel Sanders
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Swish
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Yale man

/wiki/Barting_Over
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Blink-182
character: Walter Cronkite
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Dia-Betty
character: Constance Harm
character: Tony Hawk
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Rafael
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Rubella Scabies Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Uwa
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/I%27m_Spelling_as_Fast_as_I_Can
character: Alex
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Charles Grodin
character: Barney Gumble
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Sun Moon
character: Nelson Muntz
character: George Plimpton
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Ribhead
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Samantha Stankey
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: â€ŽRay Romano

/wiki/A_Star_Is_Born_Again
character: Bob Balaban
character: Wendell Borton
character: James L. Brooks
character: Diego
character: Helen Fielding
character: Ned Flanders
character: Matt Groening
character: couch gag
character: Lewis Clark
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Scooby-Doo
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Sara Sloane
character: Stinging Red Jellyfish
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Mr._Spritz_Goes_to_Washington
character: John Armstrong
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Congressman Beauregard
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Count Dracula
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Disco Stu
character: Bob Dole
character: Fat Tony
character: Fernando
character: Larry Fine
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Chairman Hayes
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Curly Howard
character: Moe Howard
character: Itchy
character: Jimmy the Scumbag
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Cookie Kwan
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Meathook
character: Miss Springfield
character: Walter Mondale
character: Eddie Murphy
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Ruth Powers
character: Joe Quimby
character: Robber
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: The Rich Texan
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Horace Wilcox
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/C.E._D%27oh
character: Wendell Borton
character: The Big Bopper
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Female researcher
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Frank Grimes
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: Lewis Clark
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Tomokazu Ohka
character: Old Jewish man
character: Male researcher
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Richard
character: Stark Richdale
character: Sam
character: Sardonicus
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: â€ŽEsteban Yan

/wiki/%27Scuse_Me_While_I_Miss_the_Sky
character: Adrian
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Buck-toothed boy
character: Buck-toothed girl
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Cosine
character: Database
character: Artimus Deadly
character: Declan Desmond
character: E-mail
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Smug girl
character: Ham
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lewis Clark
character: Jaffee
character: Jimmy the Snitch
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Long haired girl
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Sam
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Jebediah Springfield
character: Miss Springfield
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: Fat Tony
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black weasel
character: Yellow weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Andy

/wiki/Three_Gays_of_the_Condo
character: Actor
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Cub Scout Troop Number 102
character: Ned Flanders
character: Grady
character: Barney Gumble
character: Tom Hayden
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julio
character: Karen
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: The Rolling Stones
character: Franz Schubert
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Stuart
character: Moe Szyslak
character: James Taylor
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Curly Washburn
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: "Weird Al" Yankovic

/wiki/Dude,_Where%27s_My_Ranch%3F
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: David Byrne
character: Carl Carlson
character: Cleanie
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Cookie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Hyman Krustofsky
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Clara Stetson
character: Luke Stetson
character: The Stooped-Over Fiddler
character: Moe Szyslak
character: The Rich Texan
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten

/wiki/Old_Yeller-Belly
character: Dave Shutton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Howard K. Duff VII
character: Duffman
character: Duff McShark
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Les
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Amber Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Singing railroad hobo
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Rin Tin Tin
character: Titania
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: The Hole in the Underwear Gang
character: Wink
character: Yes Guy

/wiki/Brake_My_Wife,_Please
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Don Brodka
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Dr. Brentano
character: Jackson Browne
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Steve Buscemi
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Jesus Christ
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Disco Stu
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Judge Constance Harm
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Martin Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Luigi Risotto
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: George Wilson
character: Martha Wilson
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Bart_of_War
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Lewis Clark
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Yoko Ono
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Jim Proudfoot
character: Pyro
character: Joe Quimby
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Dave Shutton
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: O.J. Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Cosine Tangent
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Mother Teresa
character: Fat Tony
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Jaffee Ziswhisky

/wiki/Moe_Baby_Blues
character: Emilio Barzini
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Don Castellaneta
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Vito Corleone
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Elmo
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Moe Greene
character: Barney Gumble
character: Gil Gunderson
character: Annie Hall
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Hobo
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Kang
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Kodos
character: Hyman Krustofsky
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Troy McClure
character: Hans Moleman
character: Anoop Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Manjula Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Roy Snyder
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Salvatore Tessio
character: The Rich Texan
character: Johnny Tightlips
character: Fat Tony
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

