/wiki/Treehouse_of_Horror_VII
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bill Clinton
character: Bob Dole
character: Dr. Hibbert
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Lyndon LaRouche
character: Ross Perot
character: Pigeon-Rat
character: Martin Prince
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Hugo Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Principal Skinner
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/You_Only_Move_Twice
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Wendell Borton
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Mr. Bont
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Crystal
character: Dot
character: Mr. Doyle
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Gary
character: Miss Goodthighs
character: Gordy
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lewis Clark
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Mayor Quimby's body guards
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Melvin
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Joe Quimby
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Hank Scorpio
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Warren
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/The_Homer_They_Fall
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Boxcar Bob
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Michael Buffer
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Fan Man
character: Boxcar Fred
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Jaffee
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Martin Prince
character: Rafael
character: Richard
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Charlie Sheen
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Jim Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Silas Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Switchyard Sullivan
character: Lucius Sweet
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Drederick Tatum
character: Fat Tony
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz
character: Mr. Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Burns,_Baby_Burns
character: Lily Bancroft
character: Mimsy Bancroft
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Larry Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Admiral Carstairs
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Débutante
character: Dink
character: Dowager
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Professor Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Janitor
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Hans Moleman
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Handsome Pete
character: Joe Quimby
character: Randy
character: Jim Reardon
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Very tall man
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Yale man
character: Yale woman

/wiki/Bart_After_Dark
character: Ms. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Belle
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Brandine Del Roy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Sr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Martha Quimby
character: Rafael
character: The Rich Texan
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Scratchy
character: Dave Shutton
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Disco Stu
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/A_Milhouse_Divided
character: Armando
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Kearney, Jr.
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Shotgun Pete
character: Pyro
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Starla
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Lisa%27s_Date_with_Density
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Becky
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lisa and Nelson's children
character: Lou
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Snowball II
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Üter Zörker
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Hurricane_Neddy
character: Lucille Botzcowski
character: Kent Brockman
character: Maude Flanders
character: Mona Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Nedward Flanders, Sr.
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Dr. Foster
character: Mrs. Foster
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: The Happiest Man in Springfield
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Troy McClure
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Bobby Peterson
character: Prisoner
character: Richard
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Jay Sherman
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: John Swartzwelder
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Dick Tracy
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: The Warden
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/El_Viaje_Misterioso_de_Nuestro_Jomer
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Lewis Clark
character: Eddie
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Pope
character: Dr. Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Spirit guide
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Tortoise
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Springfield_Files
character: ALF
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Lucille Botzcowski
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: alien
character: Carl Carlson
character: Chewbacca
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Ned Flanders
character: Alice Glick
character: Gort
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: J. Edgar Hoover
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Kang
character: Kodos
character: Donkey Kong
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Otto Mann
character: Marvin the Martian
character: Hans Moleman
character: Fox Mulder
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Leonard Nimoy
character: Phil
character: Joe Quimby
character: Rafael
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Dana Scully
character: Shamu
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Spock
character: Squeaky-voiced teen
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/The_Twisted_World_of_Marge_Simpson
character: El Bombastico
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Christopher
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Whitey Ford
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Hiroshi
character: Investo the Robot
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Legs
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Royce McCutcheon
character: Hans Moleman
character: Frank Ormand
character: Mindy Simmons
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Spuckler children
character: Cassidy Spuckler
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Wesley Spuckler
character: Disco Stu
character: Fat Tony
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Yakuza
character: Yukio

/wiki/Mountain_of_Madness
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: Drunk
character: Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
character: Hosey the Bear
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Ranger McFadden
character: Samuel Morse
character: Springfield Nuclear Power Plant employee (Homer's Odyssey)
character: Ranger
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Zutroy

/wiki/Simpsoncalifragilisticexpiala(Annoyed_Grunt)cious
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Shary Bobbins
character: Jacqueline Bouvier
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Bronson
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Bernard Fife
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Betty Ford
character: Gerald Ford
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Alice Glick
character: Andy Griffith
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Itchy
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Bleeding Gums Murphy
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Mrs. Pennyfeather
character: Mrs. Pennywinkle
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Quentin Tarantino
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Itchy_%26_Scratchy_%26_Poochie_Show
character: Jasper Beardly
character: June Bellamy
character: Benjamin
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: David Cohen
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Database
character: Doug
character: Ned Flanders
character: Gary
character: Barney Gumble
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Itchy
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Otto Mann
character: Troy McClure
character: Melissa
character: George Meyer
character: Roger Meyers, Jr.
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Lindsey Naegle
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Bill Oakley
character: Poochie
character: Ruth Powers
character: Roy
character: Sam
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Scratchy
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Mr. Teeny
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Very tall man
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Homer%27s_Phobia
character: Blitzen
character: Barney Gumble
character: John
character: Jacqueline Kennedy Onassis
character: Roscoe
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Lupe Vélez

/wiki/Brother_from_Another_Series
character: Sideshow Bob
character: Charlie
character: Eddie
character: Geech
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lou
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Merl
character: Hans Moleman
character: deleted scene
character: Lois Pennycandy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Cletus Spuckler
character: Cecil Terwilliger
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum

/wiki/My_Sister,_My_Sitter
character: Adrian
character: Mrs. Albright
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blinky
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Rod Flanders
character: Todd Flanders
character: Doris Freedman
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Mohandas Karamchand Gandhi
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Jaffee
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Louie
character: Leo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Otto Mann
character: Jack Marley
character: Hans Moleman
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martin Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Joe Quimby
character: Nick Riviera
character: Sandwich delivery guy
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snake Jailbird
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Yellow weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Rainier Wolfcastle

/wiki/Homer_vs._the_Eighteenth_Amendment
character: Rex Banner
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Princess Kashmir
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Joe Quimby
character: Sam
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Fat Tony
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Springfield Cable employee
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Grade_School_Confidential
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Tom Berenger
character: Kent Brockman
character: Wendell Borton
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Gary Chalmers
character: Charlie
character: Lunchlady Dora
character: Eddie
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Barney Gumble
character: Herman Hermann
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Howard
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Alice Glick
character: Jimbo Jones
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Krusty
character: Dewey Largo
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lewis Clark
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Reverend Lovejoy
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Otto Mann
character: Mathemagician
character: Melissa
character: Nelson Muntz
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Pahusacheta Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Sanjay Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish Man
character: Janey Powell
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Richard
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Dave Shutton
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Sideshow Mel
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Black weasel
character: Yellow weasel
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Canine_Mutiny
character: Patty Bouvier
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Comic Book Guy
character: Eddie
character: Herman Hermann
character: Jessica
character: Laddie
character: Lyndon LaRouche
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Legs
character: Lou
character: Louie
character: Timothy Lovejoy
character: Lumley
character: Otto Mann
character: Mr. Mitchell
character: Polly
character: Joe Quimby
character: Gerald Samson
character: Mrs. Samson
character: Santa's Little Helper
character: Sherri Mackleberry
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers
character: Snowball II
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Terri Mackleberry
character: Fat Tony
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie

/wiki/The_Old_Man_and_the_Lisa
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Blue-haired lawyer
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Database
character: Jeremy Freedman
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bret Hart
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Hippie
character: Lewis Jackson
character: Krusty the Clown
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Old Jewish man
character: Martin Prince
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Senior Dance Instructor

/wiki/In_Marge_We_Trust
character: Akira
character: Saint Bartholomew
character: Kent Brockman
character: Carl Carlson
character: Donny
character: Maude Flanders
character: Ned Flanders
character: Girl with glasses
character: Alice Glick
character: Barney Gumble
character: Bernice Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Julius Hibbert's daughter
character: Julius Hibbert's son
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Lionel Hutz
character: Itchy
character: Jimbo Jones
character: Edna Krabappel
character: Larry
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Lou
character: Helen Lovejoy
character: Timothy Lovejoy, Jr.
character: Jack Marley
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Hans Moleman
character: Ruth Powers
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Nick Riviera
character: Scratchy
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Agnes Skinner
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Mr. Snookums
character: Mr. Sparkle
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Melvin Van Horne
character: Kirk Van Houten
character: Luann Van Houten
character: Milhouse Van Houten
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/Homer%27s_Enemy
character: Kent Brockman
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Carl Carlson
character: Charlie
character: David Crosby
character: Gerald Ford
character: Frank Grimes
character: Barney Gumble
character: Dewey Largo
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Reverend Lovejoy
character: Apu Nahasapeemapetilon
character: Old Jewish man
character: Martha Prince
character: Martin Prince, Sr.
character: Martin Prince, Jr.
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Springfield Nuclear Power Plant employee (Homer's Odyssey)
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: The Smashing Pumpkins
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Moe Szyslak
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Sarah Wiggum

/wiki/The_Simpsons_Spin-Off_Showcase
character: Jasper Beardly
character: Big Daddy
character: Selma Bouvier
character: Kent Brockman
character: Bumblebee Man
character: Charles Montgomery Burns
character: Tim Conway
character: Barney Gumble
character: Julius Hibbert
character: Itchy
character: The Jeffersons
character: Jimbo Jones
character: "Just stamp the ticket" man
character: Lenny Leonard
character: Horatio McCallister
character: Troy McClure
character: Hans Moleman
character: Ozmodiar
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: "Lisa Simpson"
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Waylon Smithers, Jr.
character: Roy Snyder
character: The Springfield Baggy-Pants Players
character: Dolph Starbeam
character: Moe Szyslak
character: The Waylon Smithers dancers
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Groundskeeper Willie
character: John Winslow
character: Kearney Zzyzwicz

/wiki/The_Secret_War_of_Lisa_Simpson
character: Lisa Simpson
character: Bart Simpson
character: Homer Simpson
character: Marge Simpson
character: Maggie Simpson
character: Seymour Skinner
character: Edna Krabappel
character: The Commandant
character: Elizabeth Hoover
character: Ralph Wiggum
character: Clancy Wiggum
character: Abraham Simpson
character: Jasper Beardley
character: Old Jewish man
character: Jonathan Frink
character: Johnny Welfare
character: Platt
character: Franklin
character: Retirement Castle nurse

